2015-03-12T01:02:37  *** jboyer_isl has joined #evergreen
2015-03-12T01:04:00  *** mmorgan1 has joined #evergreen
2015-03-12T01:09:21  *** jeffdavis has quit IRC
2015-03-12T01:09:21  *** jboyer-isl has quit IRC
2015-03-12T01:14:16  *** jeffdavis has joined #evergreen
2015-03-12T02:44:00  *** dcook__ has quit IRC
2015-03-12T03:35:09  *** mmorgan1 has quit IRC
2015-03-12T05:09:49  <pinesol_green> Incoming from qatests: Test Success - http://testing.evergreen-ils.org/~live/test.html <http://testing.evergreen-ils.org/~live/test.html>
2015-03-12T07:51:20  *** collum has joined #evergreen
2015-03-12T07:59:35  *** rjackson_isl has joined #evergreen
2015-03-12T08:01:51  *** ericar has joined #evergreen
2015-03-12T08:27:38  *** akilsdonk has joined #evergreen
2015-03-12T08:32:42  *** jboyer_isl has quit IRC
2015-03-12T08:32:57  *** jboyer-isl has joined #evergreen
2015-03-12T08:34:55  <jcamins> kmlussier: what was the board game you recommended?
2015-03-12T08:35:32  *** mmorgan has joined #evergreen
2015-03-12T08:43:24  *** Dyrcona has joined #evergreen
2015-03-12T08:47:18  *** Shae has joined #evergreen
2015-03-12T08:58:24  <csharp> @developer
2015-03-12T08:58:24  <pinesol_green> csharp: Communication:14, BigPicture:14, DetailOriented:9, KungFu:8, GetsStuffDone:15, FlakeFactor:16, JavaAvoidance:15
2015-03-12T08:58:52  <csharp> that's all pretty accurate, actually ;-)
2015-03-12T08:59:48  <Dyrcona> :)
2015-03-12T09:00:10  <Dyrcona> So, I think our new thrashing is just that we're super busy at times.
2015-03-12T09:00:37  <Dyrcona> That and a couple of bots hitting us to do stuff right in a row in the middle of the night.
2015-03-12T09:01:24  <Dyrcona> At one point during our high load last Wednesday, we had 4,800 Apache resuests in one minute.
2015-03-12T09:03:26  *** maryj has joined #evergreen
2015-03-12T09:05:24  <Dyrcona> resuests? Oh boy. It has started already.
2015-03-12T09:05:55  * csharp queues dramatic music for Dyrcona's server drama
2015-03-12T09:06:23  <Dyrcona> Heh. No drama so far today, but my fingers don't seem to want to work.
2015-03-12T09:07:05  <csharp> Dyrcona: just make sure you listen to https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3YOYlgvI1uE next time it happens
2015-03-12T09:07:18  <Dyrcona> So, I've loaded last week's Apache log with process id into a database table, and I'm going to generate some statistics for last Wednesday.
2015-03-12T09:07:26  * csharp loves the smell of burning apache processes in the morning
2015-03-12T09:07:32  <Dyrcona> Heh.
2015-03-12T09:08:35  <Dyrcona> It's kind of weird, 'cause there are fewer Apaches involved during the higher # of request periods, but I think that is because there are just a couple of clients making hundreds of requests.
2015-03-12T09:09:08  <Dyrcona> Because of the way it works, the same client tends to stick with the same Apache process for a while.
2015-03-12T09:10:11  <Dyrcona> TCP is like that. :)
2015-03-12T09:14:28  *** graced has joined #evergreen
2015-03-12T09:16:49  *** sarabee has joined #evergreen
2015-03-12T09:20:03  *** jwoodard has joined #evergreen
2015-03-12T09:25:41  <Dyrcona> "Surprise! Surprise! Surprise!"
2015-03-12T09:25:59  <Dyrcona> The staff client is of course our biggest user at that time of the day.
2015-03-12T09:35:16  <pinesol_green> [evergreen|Thomas Berezansky] LP#1413621 Docs: Apache Rewrite Tricks - <http://git.evergreen-ils.org/?p=Evergreen.git;a=commit;h=3643e44>
2015-03-12T09:35:17  <pinesol_green> [evergreen|Remington Steed] LP#1413621 Docs: Minor changes to Apache Rewrite Tricks - <http://git.evergreen-ils.org/?p=Evergreen.git;a=commit;h=8d57549>
2015-03-12T09:35:18  <pinesol_green> [evergreen|Remington Steed] LP#1413624 Docs: Move Access Handler docs to official docs - <http://git.evergreen-ils.org/?p=Evergreen.git;a=commit;h=c0e94d4>
2015-03-12T09:35:19  <pinesol_green> [evergreen|Remington Steed] Docs: Link optional docs from Apache config - <http://git.evergreen-ils.org/?p=Evergreen.git;a=commit;h=e772013>
2015-03-12T09:37:21  *** collum has quit IRC
2015-03-12T09:37:50  <kmlussier> jcamins: I recommended a board game?
2015-03-12T09:43:18  <pastebot> "Dyrcona" at 64.57.241.14 pasted "jeff: This is what I ended up adding to .profile" (6 lines) at http://paste.evergreen-ils.org/43
2015-03-12T09:43:57  <Dyrcona> Follow up to a private conversation from earlier.
2015-03-12T09:47:15  *** yboston has joined #evergreen
2015-03-12T09:51:02  <Dyrcona> More trivia: The minute where we reportedly ran out of settings drones was not the busiest minute in terms of requests, only 235 requests completed during that minute and 192 the next.
2015-03-12T09:52:51  <Dyrcona> It did, however, have 53 pids handle only 1 request each.
2015-03-12T09:53:10  <Dyrcona> What I don't know is how many of those spun up during that time.
2015-03-12T09:55:41  <Dyrcona> And the same thing appears to be more or less true when we get the no children available from opensrf.settings at others time.s
2015-03-12T09:56:06  <Dyrcona> It isn't the busiest minute, but it has 40+ Apache processes handling 1 request only.
2015-03-12T09:57:03  <Dyrcona> Think I'll generate a pids/minute spreadsheet.
2015-03-12T09:58:25  *** collum has joined #evergreen
2015-03-12T10:00:21  <kmlussier> gmcharlt: Did we ever settle on needsrepatch for LP bugs that need more work?
2015-03-12T10:00:44  <gmcharlt> kmlussier: I owe the list an email
2015-03-12T10:10:51  <Dyrcona> Hm.. Those messages do not always correspond to times when we have the most unique pids going, either.
2015-03-12T10:11:15  <Dyrcona> No real pattern here, except that we have over 40 pids handling 1 request each.
2015-03-12T10:24:50  <Bmagic> jcamins: I don't know what she recommended but I can recommend Asara as a good solid fun starting board game for 9-99
2015-03-12T10:27:15  *** akilsdonk has quit IRC
2015-03-12T10:28:14  *** mllewellyn has joined #evergreen
2015-03-12T10:28:31  <jcamins> kmlussier: I thought you did.
2015-03-12T10:28:44  <jcamins> Bmagic: how many players does it work with?
2015-03-12T10:28:57  <kmlussier> jcamins: I may have, but I don't remember. :)
2015-03-12T10:29:09  <jcamins> Bmagic: 2-4. I found it.
2015-03-12T10:29:10  <jcamins> :)
2015-03-12T10:29:13  <Bmagic> jcamins: up to 4, If you want a game for more, I recommend Power Grid, accomodates 6
2015-03-12T10:29:58  <Bmagic> /accomodates/accommodates/
2015-03-12T10:30:59  <kmlussier> jcamins: Ah, I think I found the log. I think it was phasefx who recommended it. Ticket to Ride?
2015-03-12T10:31:16  <kmlussier> http://irc.evergreen-ils.org/evergreen/2014-01-22#i_61516
2015-03-12T10:31:29  <Bmagic> LOL, we have an on going Ticket to Ride game happening right now in the office!
2015-03-12T10:31:30  <kmlussier> We're actually planning to play that game this weekend.
2015-03-12T10:33:00  <jcamins> I've been thinking about getting Ticket to Ride. Never played it, though.
2015-03-12T10:33:04  *** dreuther has joined #evergreen
2015-03-12T10:33:57  <kmlussier> I'm glad I dug up that log. Lots of game ideas there.
2015-03-12T10:34:17  <jcamins> Oh, it was paxed! "We didn't play test this." I searched for "this should not be a game," and it didn't bring that up.
2015-03-12T10:34:46  <Bmagic> jcamins: It's not my favorite game but I will say it's a good opener. A "gateway" game if you will. I enjoy Through the Ages, Agricola, At the Gates of Loyang, 1830
2015-03-12T10:35:51  <jcamins> For this Sunday we'll probably ask some of our guests to bring a couple of their board games, but I would like to own a couple of board games for when we have guests coming who aren't driving.
2015-03-12T10:36:28  * paxed likes Guillotine and Love Letter. card games, though.
2015-03-12T10:36:44  <Dyrcona> Mille Bournes!
2015-03-12T10:36:58  <jcamins> paxed: we actually have Guillotine. And Munchkin.
2015-03-12T10:37:00  <jcamins> And nothing else.
2015-03-12T10:37:02  * Dyrcona mostly just plays Scrabble and Clue.
2015-03-12T10:37:08  <paxed> jcamins: i hate munchkin.
2015-03-12T10:37:15  <Bmagic> Dyrcona: classic
2015-03-12T10:37:18  * Dyrcona is boring.
2015-03-12T10:37:34  <jcamins> paxed: Munchkin's great.
2015-03-12T10:37:46  <Bmagic> I agree with paxed about Munchkin (although I would say dislike)
2015-03-12T10:38:02  <paxed> jcamins: if it only lasted like 15 minutes tops, it would be better ...
2015-03-12T10:39:48  <paxed> but, really, the best is to go on boardgamegeek.com and sort the list by rating (and whatever else you want)
2015-03-12T10:40:03  <kmlussier> Mille Bournes? I haven't played that game in years.
2015-03-12T10:40:27  <Bmagic> paxed: you reminded me, Terra Mystica! That is a game I am really into right now
2015-03-12T10:40:40  * kmlussier wants to go shopping at the game store this weekend.
2015-03-12T10:41:19  <Bmagic> Terra Mystica just came out and it has rocketed to the top of the list on bgg
2015-03-12T10:48:14  *** awlib has joined #evergreen
2015-03-12T10:51:15  <awlib> Hi, anyone know if there's a macro to add the "number of items checked out," "number of items on hold," and "number of hold ready to pickup" in the receipt template editor?
2015-03-12T10:52:51  *** hopkinsju has joined #evergreen
2015-03-12T10:53:43  * hopkinsju likes boardgames!
2015-03-12T10:53:53  *** yayabobi has joined #evergreen
2015-03-12T10:54:12  <hopkinsju> Who wants a 2015 International Evergreen Boardgame Night?
2015-03-12T10:57:41  <hopkinsju> I've got the Axe Cop version of Munchkin (and the original... and the princess expansion...)
2015-03-12T11:00:23  *** yayabobi has quit IRC
2015-03-12T11:00:53  <bshum> That could be fun.
2015-03-12T11:01:02  <bshum> Board game night I mean.
2015-03-12T11:01:11  <kmlussier> hopkinsju: I would be up for that.
2015-03-12T11:01:31  <kmlussier> Might be almost as fun as a pub crawl. Almost.
2015-03-12T11:01:50  <hopkinsju> We'd obviously want to hold the event at the pub...
2015-03-12T11:01:54  <hopkinsju> Obviously.
2015-03-12T11:02:32  <jboyer-isl> "Who's screaming in the back room?" "Buncha librarians. Something about cops and axes."
2015-03-12T11:08:19  *** sandbergja has joined #evergreen
2015-03-12T11:09:07  * Bmagic wants board games at the conference!
2015-03-12T11:09:19  <Bmagic> @who is a boardgame nut!
2015-03-12T11:09:19  <pinesol_green> eby is a boardgame nut.
2015-03-12T11:11:10  <hopkinsju> jboyer-isl: I'm assuming that we will just chop their heads off.
2015-03-12T11:11:12  <hopkinsju> http://boardgamegeek.com/collection/user/hopkinsju?own=1&subtype=boardgame&ff=1
2015-03-12T11:12:41  <Bmagic> @cast jumanji
2015-03-12T11:12:41  <pinesol_green> Bmagic: As great as you are man, you'll never be greater than yourself.
2015-03-12T11:15:44  * Dyrcona now has to play some Bob Dylan.
2015-03-12T11:26:06  <jboyer-isl> That's not my cup of meat.
2015-03-12T11:30:49  *** awlib has quit IRC
2015-03-12T11:34:57  *** vlewis has joined #evergreen
2015-03-12T11:35:03  *** mglass has joined #evergreen
2015-03-12T11:40:11  *** akilsdonk has joined #evergreen
2015-03-12T11:51:10  *** bmills has joined #evergreen
2015-03-12T12:08:37  *** dreuther_ has joined #evergreen
2015-03-12T12:10:55  *** dreuther has quit IRC
2015-03-12T12:12:14  <jwoodard> Is the ability to create Circ Limits a grantable permission?
2015-03-12T12:16:49  *** jihpringle has joined #evergreen
2015-03-12T12:20:17  <Dyrcona> jwoodard: What do you mean by the "ability to create Circ Limits?" I can think of at least three different things that that could mean.
2015-03-12T12:21:28  *** Newziky has quit IRC
2015-03-12T12:27:19  *** Newziky has joined #evergreen
2015-03-12T12:29:05  *** dreuther has joined #evergreen
2015-03-12T12:32:35  *** dreuther_ has quit IRC
2015-03-12T12:42:09  <jeffdavis> after upgrading to Ubuntu 14.04.2 and installing 2.8 beta, I get this error: Your version of Class::DBI, 3.0.17, is too new and incompatible with Evergreen.  You will need to downgrade to version 3.0.1 or install Class::DBI::Frozen::301
2015-03-12T12:43:16  <jeffdavis> Seems like something the build process should handle?
2015-03-12T12:43:21  <bshum> It should...
2015-03-12T12:43:30  <bshum> Maybe it's cause of something in the way you upgraded to 14.04
2015-03-12T12:43:37  <bshum> What were you upgrading from?
2015-03-12T12:43:40  <jeff> this is something where you first installed evergreen THEN upgraded the OS?
2015-03-12T12:44:17  <jeffdavis> Upgraded from precise (before doing the install) via do-release-upgrade and dist-upgrade.
2015-03-12T12:44:58  <jeff> I'm not sure where in the process you installed Evergreen.
2015-03-12T12:46:22  <csharp> the Makefile.install for ubuntu-trusty should install that via CPAN
2015-03-12T12:46:46  <jeffdavis> Sorry. I had a server with Ubuntu 12.04 and EG 2.6.  I did do-release-upgrade and dist-upgrade to upgrade Ubuntu to 14.04, then installed OpenSRF 2.4 from the repo and EG 2.8 beta from the packaged release.
2015-03-12T12:47:20  <jeffdavis> Maybe I missed something in the Makefile.install output. I'll re-run it.
2015-03-12T12:47:27  <jeff> Got it!
2015-03-12T12:47:30  * csharp wonders if this is APT dependencies for already installed packages are the problem
2015-03-12T12:47:49  <csharp> er.. s/this is//
2015-03-12T12:48:20  <jeff> jeffdavis: I think (without looking, sorry) that the issue is that the Makefile.install for the version you were on when you installed used the packaged version of Class::DBI. This was fine, but then the OS upgrade upgraded it to a version that was not-fine.
2015-03-12T12:48:31  <jeff> Now, having made that guess, I'm going to have to go and look. :P
2015-03-12T12:48:51  <bshum> I thought we've been using the frozen 301 for awhile now.
2015-03-12T12:48:57  <Dyrcona> Upgrading Ubuntu is just all kinds of nasty.
2015-03-12T12:49:08  <Dyrcona> I'm usually surprised when it works, actually.
2015-03-12T12:49:31  <jeffdavis> I generally prefer to start from a fresh install, and stuff like this is why. :)
2015-03-12T12:49:32  * bshum doesn't usually use Ubuntu upgrade anymore either.
2015-03-12T12:49:41  <Dyrcona> I've had several instances on just plain vanilla desktops and so on where the machines would not even boot after an upgrade.
2015-03-12T12:51:02  * csharp always installs on fresh OS, but uses VMs that are more or less disposable
2015-03-12T12:51:29  *** bbqben has joined #evergreen
2015-03-12T12:53:22  <jeff> the 2.6 pre-req makefile does seem to force-install Class::DBI::Frozen::301 from CPAN, so I'm guessing that something in the OS upgrade pulled in a new version that's now first in @INC
2015-03-12T12:53:39  <bshum> Fun times.
2015-03-12T13:04:37  <Dyrcona> Well, yeah. apt probably saw a package for it and upgraded it. Don't think CPAN on Ubuntu makes packages, though I believer there is a Perl module for that.
2015-03-12T13:05:13  <Dyrcona> I know that on some distros and the BSDs there are versions of CPAN that will make packages out of CPAN modules when you install them.
2015-03-12T13:07:48  <Dyrcona> BSDPAN, for intance.
2015-03-12T13:08:10  <jeff> dh-make-perl, in the case of Debian.
2015-03-12T13:08:48  <Dyrcona> Thought there was one for Debian.
2015-03-12T13:08:59  <Dyrcona> Probably works on Ubuntu, too.
2015-03-12T13:09:16  <jeff> But to the best of my knowledge, we don't use that (or anything similar) in the pre-req makefiles, and I've not encountered anything that would take a perl distribution installed from CPAN and replace it with a packaged (in the dpkg/apt sense) version during upgrades...
2015-03-12T13:09:34  <Dyrcona> Yep. Doesn't really help does it?
2015-03-12T13:09:53  <kmlussier> dbwells: Now that her internship is over, would it be worthwhile to add julialima's style guide to the Evergreen docs?
2015-03-12T13:10:14  <Dyrcona> jeffdavis: Did you try force purging the package and rerunning the makefile.install?
2015-03-12T13:10:41  <Dyrcona> Or, may just a purge, first. That would tell you if something required it.
2015-03-12T13:10:50  <Dyrcona> maybe...
2015-03-12T13:11:01  <jeff> tricky part with uninstalling the version provided by the distro package manager is going to be if something else you care about requires it...
2015-03-12T13:11:21  <Dyrcona> Well, yeah, but trying to remove it should tell you.
2015-03-12T13:11:34  * jeff nods
2015-03-12T13:11:41  <Dyrcona> I can't think of what Evergreen would install that needs it, though.
2015-03-12T13:11:50  *** wjr has joined #evergreen
2015-03-12T13:11:59  <jeffdavis> I think I figured it out actually.  Local issue - for some reason there was a VERY stale lockfile in /root/.cpan/.lock, and that was causing the install_cpan_force part of Makefile.install to fail.
2015-03-12T13:12:02  <jeff> also, I'm surprised that Class::DBI::Frozen::301 isn't in @INC if it was installed from CPAN at -- OH!
2015-03-12T13:12:17  <Dyrcona> Ah.
2015-03-12T13:12:24  <Dyrcona> That makes sense.
2015-03-12T13:13:00  <jeffdavis> There seems to be running another CPAN process (pid 21450).  Contacting...
2015-03-12T13:13:01  <jeff> jeffdavis: hah! okay, and I think that your initial CPAN install of Class::DBI::Frozen::301 was no longer in @INC possibly because the system perl version changed during the Ubuntu upgrade process.
2015-03-12T13:13:01  <jeffdavis> Other job not responding. Shall I overwrite the lockfile '/root/.cpan/.lock'? (Y/n) [y] Ok, bye
2015-03-12T13:13:21  <jeffdavis> ^ for benefit of the logs, I re-ran Makefile.install and noticed that in the output.
2015-03-12T13:13:25  <jeff> You'd probably have to install any custom CPAN modules that you had previously installed, if that's actually the case.
2015-03-12T13:13:41  <Dyrcona> Despite what I said earlier about upgrades being wonky, I did successfully upgrade an Evergreen vm from 12.04 to 14.04, as well as my "utility" server where I run some Evergreen scripts.
2015-03-12T13:13:54  <jeffdavis> jeff: Good point. 12.04 was using perl 5.14.2, looks like 14.04 is 5.18.something
2015-03-12T13:14:28  <Dyrcona> Depends.
2015-03-12T13:14:43  <Dyrcona> Sometimes the upgrade adds the old path to @INC, sometimes not.
2015-03-12T13:15:02  <jeffdavis> I'll keep an eye out for any errors that could be due to that, at least.
2015-03-12T13:15:54  <Dyrcona> We don't really have any good instructions for what to do when you upgrade your O/S do we?
2015-03-12T13:16:08  <Dyrcona> You basically need to reinstall OpenSRF and Evergreen.
2015-03-12T13:16:22  <kmlussier> Really?
2015-03-12T13:16:33  <Dyrcona> Even if you're not upgrading them along with the O/S.
2015-03-12T13:16:39  <Dyrcona> Yes, pretty much.
2015-03-12T13:16:45  * kmlussier was just talking to somebody about an O/S upgrade today.
2015-03-12T13:18:16  <kmlussier> The question posed to me today was, if you are operating in a brick environment and you are doing an O/S upgrade, can you upgrade them one at a time, basically operating in a mixed environment, or do you have to upgrade all of the bricks at once?
2015-03-12T13:18:20  <Dyrcona> Hmm. Thinking about it, I think I added the old path manually to @INC.
2015-03-12T13:19:05  <Dyrcona> I think you should be able to operate in a mixed environment.
2015-03-12T13:19:35  <Dyrcona> You might have a fun time trying to keep Apache configurations up to date, though.
2015-03-12T13:20:41  <kmlussier> Why?
2015-03-12T13:20:57  <Dyrcona> The configuration changes from Apache 2.2 to Apache 2.4.
2015-03-12T13:21:38  <kmlussier> OK, thanks!
2015-03-12T13:21:43  <Dyrcona> So, if you're keeping configs and all that on a network file share, you might need to make accomodations.
2015-03-12T13:21:52  <Dyrcona> heh.
2015-03-12T13:21:56  <gmcharlt> indeed
2015-03-12T13:22:08  <Dyrcona> someone made that same typo earlier today.
2015-03-12T13:22:51  <Dyrcona> I think it would be saner to try and do it all at once. Maybe doing a brick at a time while taking them out of rotation to avoid down time.
2015-03-12T13:23:17  * Dyrcona doesn't currently use bricks, though.
2015-03-12T13:23:26  <kmlussier> Yeah, I'm not sure if their configs are on a network share or not.
2015-03-12T13:24:08  <gmcharlt> other than things like adjusting for an Apache major version change as Dyrcona pointed out, doing an OS upgrade a brick a time is doable
2015-03-12T13:24:28  <gmcharlt> but I woudln't recommend *leaving* the cluster in a mixed state
2015-03-12T13:24:33  *** jjlundgren has joined #evergreen
2015-03-12T13:24:35  <Dyrcona> gmcharlt++ # For CVEs and stuff.
2015-03-12T13:24:38  <gmcharlt> to avoid confusion, if nothing else
2015-03-12T13:25:06  * Dyrcona agrees.
2015-03-12T13:25:07  <kmlussier> Sure. I don't think the plan was to leave it in a mixed state. It was just to make the upgrading a little more manageable.
2015-03-12T13:25:14  <kmlussier> I'll forward all of this along.
2015-03-12T13:25:19  <kmlussier> Dyrcona++ gmcharlt++
2015-03-12T13:25:51  <gmcharlt> Dyrcona: BTW, I've asked cve-assign to make the CVEs public (or for them to tell me to "learn patience, grasshopper!")
2015-03-12T13:25:54  <gmcharlt> one or the other :)
2015-03-12T13:26:18  <Dyrcona> heh
2015-03-12T13:26:29  <Dyrcona> Patience is a hard lesson.
2015-03-12T13:26:37  <dbwells> kmlussier: I plan to put something on the agenda for the dev meeting on Monday about the guide.  I think we'll want to roll it in fairly soon, but we can talk about it as a group then.  Does that sound alright?
2015-03-12T13:26:59  <jeff> "patience? sorry, don't have the time."
2015-03-12T13:27:37  <gmcharlt> "got tired of standing in the line to receive my patience, and wandered off.."
2015-03-12T13:27:49  <Dyrcona> haha
2015-03-12T13:28:03  <dbwells> kmlussier: Also, julialima does plan to be there on Monday as well.
2015-03-12T13:29:27  <kmlussier> dbwells: Excellent! Thank you.
2015-03-12T13:30:07  *** krvmga has joined #evergreen
2015-03-12T13:33:35  *** jeffdavis has quit IRC
2015-03-12T13:33:35  *** jeffdavis has joined #evergreen
2015-03-12T13:43:45  *** bmills has quit IRC
2015-03-12T13:53:00  *** bmills has joined #evergreen
2015-03-12T13:53:54  <kmlussier> @dessert add a ginormous bag of Jelly Bellies
2015-03-12T13:53:54  <pinesol_green> kmlussier: The operation succeeded.  Dessert #31 added.
2015-03-12T13:54:11  <kmlussier> @dessert 31 [someone]
2015-03-12T13:54:11  * pinesol_green grabs some a ginormous bag of Jelly Bellies for sarabee
2015-03-12T13:54:29  <kmlussier> Sigh...
2015-03-12T13:54:56  <yboston> heads up, the Evergreen for Academics monthly meeting will be starting at 2 PM EST
2015-03-12T13:55:11  *** jck_ has joined #evergreen
2015-03-12T13:56:05  <kmlussier> @dessert add ginormous bags of Jelly Bellies
2015-03-12T13:56:05  <pinesol_green> kmlussier: The operation succeeded.  Dessert #32 added.
2015-03-12T13:56:16  * kmlussier now needs to figure out how to remove dessert 31
2015-03-12T13:56:19  *** jihpringle has quit IRC
2015-03-12T13:56:32  *** DonB__ has joined #evergreen
2015-03-12T13:57:04  <Dyrcona> @dessert delete 31
2015-03-12T13:57:04  * pinesol_green grabs some Tiramisu for delete 31
2015-03-12T13:57:22  <Dyrcona> There's a command for it, if you're signed in.
2015-03-12T13:57:23  <kmlussier> ha ha
2015-03-12T13:57:37  * kmlussier is signed in
2015-03-12T13:57:48  <Dyrcona> @help dessert
2015-03-12T13:57:48  <pinesol_green> Dyrcona: An error has occurred and has been logged. Please contact this bot's administrator for more information.
2015-03-12T13:57:56  <Dyrcona> Curses.
2015-03-12T13:58:23  <kmlussier> @dessert 32 Dyrcona
2015-03-12T13:58:23  * pinesol_green grabs some ginormous bags of Jelly Bellies for Dyrcona
2015-03-12T14:00:49  <Dyrcona> So, back to my opensrf.settings problem, it looks like we could increase our maxchildren to 60 and alleviate most of the issues.
2015-03-12T14:00:57  <yboston> #startmeeting 2015-03-12 - Evergreen for academics monthly meeting.
2015-03-12T14:00:57  <pinesol_green> Meeting started Thu Mar 12 14:00:57 2015 US/Eastern.  The chair is yboston. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
2015-03-12T14:00:57  <pinesol_green> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
2015-03-12T14:00:57  <pinesol_green> The meeting name has been set to '2015_03_12___evergreen_for_academics_monthly_meeting_'
2015-03-12T14:01:05  <yboston> The agenda can be found here http://evergreen-ils.org/dokuwiki/doku.php?id=evergreen_for_academics:2015-03-12
2015-03-12T14:01:14  <yboston> #topic Introductions
2015-03-12T14:01:22  <yboston> Please feel free to start introducing yourselves...
2015-03-12T14:01:36  <krvmga> #info krvmga is Jim Keenan, C/W MARS
2015-03-12T14:01:43  <yboston> #info yboston is Yamil Suarez @ Berklee College of Music
2015-03-12T14:01:52  <sandbergja> #info sandbergja is Jane Sandberg, Linn-Benton Community College
2015-03-12T14:01:55  <yboston> #topic last meeting's action items
2015-03-12T14:02:03  <yboston> sorry, I jumped the gun
2015-03-12T14:02:17  <jck_> #info jck is Joan Kranich, C/W MARS
2015-03-12T14:02:22  <DonB__> #info DonB_ is Don Butterworth Asbury Seminary
2015-03-12T14:02:27  <yboston> keep introducing yourselves
2015-03-12T14:03:52  <kmlussier> #info kmlussier is Kathy Lussier, MassLNC
2015-03-12T14:04:02  <yboston> welcome everyone
2015-03-12T14:04:04  <yboston> #topic last meeting's action items
2015-03-12T14:04:24  <yboston> #info 1) ck_ and kmlussier to follow up directly with libraries that showed interest in an academic PAC flavor.
2015-03-12T14:04:37  <yboston> any comments or questions?
2015-03-12T14:04:53  <kmlussier> Defer?
2015-03-12T14:05:04  <yboston> no problem
2015-03-12T14:05:27  <kmlussier> Also, I think that jck is the other person in that action item
2015-03-12T14:05:27  <yboston> BTW, who is ck_?
2015-03-12T14:05:48  <yboston> #action ck_ and kmlussier to follow up directly with libraries that showed interest in an academic PAC flavor.
2015-03-12T14:06:45  <yboston> #info 2) jeffdavis to put out a call for current patron loading scripts that are already in use.
2015-03-12T14:06:57  <yboston> not sure if jeffdavis is aorund?
2015-03-12T14:07:33  <yboston> I will defer teh action item for now
2015-03-12T14:07:43  <yboston> #action jeffdavis to put out a call for current patron loading scripts that are already in use.
2015-03-12T14:08:00  <yboston> #info 3) DonB write up a Launcpad wishlist bug to propose “see more” style cuntionality on OPAC record view
2015-03-12T14:08:14  <DonB__> Done. See https://bugs.launchpad.net/evergreen/+bug/1424815
2015-03-12T14:08:14  <pinesol_green> Launchpad bug 1424815 in Evergreen "Wishlist: Add a “read more” feature to the OPAC bib record view for fields with lots of text" (affected: 3, heat: 16) [Undecided,New]
2015-03-12T14:08:24  <yboston> any commnets or questions?
2015-03-12T14:08:30  <yboston> *comments
2015-03-12T14:09:59  <krvmga> i added my "this bug affects me" to that ticket
2015-03-12T14:09:59  <yboston> I'll move on to the next wishlist related action item
2015-03-12T14:10:12  <yboston> #info 4) DonB and yboston will write out an LP wishlist bug for call number search “list view”
2015-03-12T14:10:24  <krvmga> others who want/need it may wish to do the same.
2015-03-12T14:10:28  <yboston> DonB__: do you have the link handy?
2015-03-12T14:10:30  <DonB__> Also done. See https://bugs.launchpad.net/evergreen/+bug/1424690
2015-03-12T14:10:31  <pinesol_green> Launchpad bug 1424690 in Evergreen "Create a “list view” for Call Number (Shelf Browse) results lists" (affected: 3, heat: 16) [Undecided,New]
2015-03-12T14:10:32  <yboston> thanks
2015-03-12T14:11:09  <yboston> glad those two whishlist bugs were created
2015-03-12T14:11:33  <yboston> at this point there will be a need to find someone witht he skills or the money to have those bugs addressed
2015-03-12T14:12:05  <DonB__> That leaves me out, at least for this budget year
2015-03-12T14:12:21  <yboston> the upcoming conference could be a time to look for collaborators in term of coding the solution or funding someone else to fund the development
2015-03-12T14:13:40  <yboston> lets move on to "new business"
2015-03-12T14:13:55  <yboston> unless there are any comments or quesitons?
2015-03-12T14:14:26  <yboston> #topic Updates from sub-group leaders (Authorities, LC Call numbers, etc.)
2015-03-12T14:15:02  <yboston> I can report that the tiny authority related code changed I proposed made it to the 2.8 release
2015-03-12T14:15:18  <DonB__> I haven't done any more with the LC Call Number issues.
2015-03-12T14:16:48  <yboston> Here is the link to the manual part that mentions the addition of the "authority thesaurus" value
2015-03-12T14:16:50  <yboston> http://docs.evergreen-ils.org/dev/_manage_authorities.html
2015-03-12T14:17:09  <yboston> unless there are any comments or questions, we can move on
2015-03-12T14:17:33  <yboston> #topic Need to find another group leader to replace Kathy (suggested by Yamil)
2015-03-12T14:18:10  <yboston> kmlussier will not be able to co-lead this group with me going forward. I could use the help form someone else
2015-03-12T14:18:30  <yboston> any volunteers?
2015-03-12T14:18:51  <krvmga> i'll help you, yamil
2015-03-12T14:19:01  <krvmga> opac is my world :)
2015-03-12T14:19:13  <yboston> thanks
2015-03-12T14:19:32  <krvmga> just let me know what i can do to help
2015-03-12T14:20:13  <yboston> so far we have collaborated on running the meetings and updating the wiki pages; also some little strategizing for how to move the group's goals forard
2015-03-12T14:20:19  <yboston> *forward
2015-03-12T14:20:26  <krvmga> thanks
2015-03-12T14:21:05  <yboston> #agreed krvmga will co-lead the group with yboston
2015-03-12T14:21:13  <DonB__> =1
2015-03-12T14:21:18  <kmlussier> krvmga++
2015-03-12T14:21:19  <DonB__> +1
2015-03-12T14:21:32  <yboston> #action yboston will email krvmga to plan next steps as co-leaders
2015-03-12T14:22:11  <yboston> next topic, unless there are comments/questions
2015-03-12T14:22:52  <yboston> #topic Lets plan to meet face to face during the EG conference (suggested by Yamil)
2015-03-12T14:23:28  <yboston> I hope we can find a time to get a group to meet face to face at some point during the conference.
2015-03-12T14:23:39  <yboston> it could be a great way to recruit more people
2015-03-12T14:23:58  <yboston> how many of you here plan to attend this year's cofnerence?
2015-03-12T14:24:05  <DonB__> I would love to do that but Asbury's head of IT will be there as our only representative
2015-03-12T14:24:17  <krvmga> budget constraints at cwmars this year will keep me away unfortunately.
2015-03-12T14:24:34  <krvmga> during the convention, though, i'll happily be available for google hangouts
2015-03-12T14:24:36  <yboston> we can try to arrange it so that we have a laptop available
2015-03-12T14:24:54  <kmlussier> I'll be there
2015-03-12T14:24:54  <sandbergja> I'll be at the first part of the conference, and could participate remotely during the second half
2015-03-12T14:25:13  <yboston> sorry, had a knowck on my door
2015-03-12T14:25:34  <yboston> I meant that hopefully we can have people join in remotely on a cell phone or on Google hangout/skype
2015-03-12T14:26:40  <yboston> DonB__: It is a shame you can't make it, please have your IT person introduce himself to me
2015-03-12T14:28:03  <yboston> since this is still a new group, I was not plannign on asking for an offical time slot fromt he cofnerence comittee, though perhaps we should request a time?
2015-03-12T14:28:46  <DonB__> I think that would be a good idea
2015-03-12T14:28:57  <yboston> we could plan to do a lightning talk to promote our group. I can volunteer to make the presentation
2015-03-12T14:29:08  <krvmga> lightning talk++
2015-03-12T14:29:16  <yboston> (does everyone know what a lightning talk is?)
2015-03-12T14:29:36  <DonB__> not yet
2015-03-12T14:30:04  <DonB__> but it sounds like you should really pay attention
2015-03-12T14:30:11  <yboston> lightnig talks are 5 minute long presentations
2015-03-12T14:30:31  <yboston> the conference planners set a time for anyone to walk up to the podium
2015-03-12T14:30:39  <yboston> and give a 5minute presentation
2015-03-12T14:30:55  <yboston> the speakers are not really known in advance
2015-03-12T14:30:58  <krvmga> it's not hard (though it might feel scary)
2015-03-12T14:31:15  <krvmga> i gave a lightning talk on our docsprint two conferences ago
2015-03-12T14:31:23  <yboston> often, the presentation cover code improvements that happened that same day or the day before
2015-03-12T14:31:55  <yboston> OK, so far we have one volunteer (yboston) for a lighning talk
2015-03-12T14:32:40  <yboston> can I get a volunteer to reach out to the conference committee to 1) provide us an oficial time to meet OR 2) make sure that the conferece is providing a space for ad hoc meetings during the conference
2015-03-12T14:32:59  <kmlussier> I can volunteer
2015-03-12T14:33:07  <krvmga> kmlussier++
2015-03-12T14:33:18  <yboston> also, folks can volunteer to help with the lightning talk too
2015-03-12T14:33:35  <yboston> thanks kmlussier
2015-03-12T14:33:41  <yboston> kmlussier++
2015-03-12T14:34:05  <yboston> #action kmlussier to reach out to the conference committee to 1) provide us an oficial time to meet OR 2) make sure that the conferece is providing a space for ad hoc meetings during the conference
2015-03-12T14:34:46  <yboston> kmlussier: I'll bake you a cheese flan (my signature dish) if you also ask for a meeting time for the authoritites group
2015-03-12T14:35:02  <krvmga> yboston, do you want to add an action item for you and i to touch base with each other early next week?
2015-03-12T14:35:26  <yboston> thanks
2015-03-12T14:35:37  * kmlussier tries not to touch authorities unless she absolutely has to. :)
2015-03-12T14:36:28  <yboston> krvmga: thaks, I'll stick to the existing action item to email you
2015-03-12T14:37:37  <yboston> kmlussier: I'll lead the authorities group; I just want to let them know of all the other groups at the saem time
2015-03-12T14:38:02  <kmlussier> OK, I'll send it along.
2015-03-12T14:38:12  * kmlussier really likes flan, but has never had it with cheese.
2015-03-12T14:39:03  <yboston> #action yboston will work on a 5 minute lightning talk presentation on the Evergreen for Academics to help recruit more members
2015-03-12T14:39:22  <yboston> kmlussier: gracias; it is a mix of custard and cheesecake
2015-03-12T14:39:57  <yboston> kmlussier: I can send you the recipe, but we will have to coordinate to get the flan to you
2015-03-12T14:40:06  <yboston> any other comments or questions so far?
2015-03-12T14:40:30  <kmlussier> yboston: We'll just have to organize another local doc-fest. I'll bring cookies.
2015-03-12T14:40:58  <DonB__> Y'all are making me hungry! :)
2015-03-12T14:41:27  <yboston> One idea i wanted to share
2015-03-12T14:41:27  <krvmga> if there are cookies, i will come
2015-03-12T14:41:38  <krvmga> i see cookies. i want to go to there.
2015-03-12T14:41:51  *** jihpringle has joined #evergreen
2015-03-12T14:42:06  <yboston> is to create a sub page to the academics group wiki page were we list what each library has done to customize EG to work better for them
2015-03-12T14:42:26  <DonB__> Cool
2015-03-12T14:42:35  <yboston> it should eb useful for new academic libraries, and I am sure we could learn from each other
2015-03-12T14:42:41  <krvmga> i like that idea
2015-03-12T14:43:01  <yboston> BTW, I keep a log of the local customizations that I make to Eg when we upgrade
2015-03-12T14:43:57  <yboston> and it is nice that over time thabks to my lobbying, bug reporting, or me coding proof of concepts a few of those cahnges are no longer needed because they have slowly become EG defaults
2015-03-12T14:44:24  <Dyrcona> yboston: I'd suggest public git branches for academic customizations.
2015-03-12T14:44:33  <yboston> I can start the page and then publicize it on the general mailing list
2015-03-12T14:44:49  <krvmga> Dyrcona: that's an interesting suggestion.
2015-03-12T14:45:04  <yboston> Dyrcona: to be clear do you mean something in the contrib repo or just working branches?
2015-03-12T14:45:11  <yboston> or a mix of both?
2015-03-12T14:45:21  <yboston> (and thanks for the immediate feedback)
2015-03-12T14:45:37  <Dyrcona> Whatever seems more appropriate. I hadn't thought much farther than git branches.
2015-03-12T14:46:05  <yboston> Dyrcona: OK, thanks
2015-03-12T14:46:59  <yboston> for example, at Berklee we are toying with displaying the main title (tag 245) subfield "h", which is the "medium"
2015-03-12T14:47:22  <yboston> it already displays in the OPAC full bib view, but not in the search results
2015-03-12T14:49:14  <DonB__> Just be sure it isn't a subfield that is "indexed" in your title browse results
2015-03-12T14:49:19  <yboston> Here is a screenshot with the change https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B4URatF-NX5LWlR4Rk1USGNSOVk/view?usp=sharing
2015-03-12T14:49:51  <yboston> this is only a display change, that takes adding about two additional words to the OPAC code
2015-03-12T14:50:33  <DonB__> It looks helpful
2015-03-12T14:51:13  <yboston> just to reiterate, it is two seperate things to display a field/subfield in the OPAC and to make that field/subfield indexed (i.e. searchable)
2015-03-12T14:51:44  <yboston> of course with RDA that type of information will be stored somehwere else, so some folks will not be interested int his change
2015-03-12T14:51:51  <DonB__> I understand. What kind of coding would it take, I wonder, to put an icon in the cover art section?
2015-03-12T14:51:58  <yboston> I will set up an action item now
2015-03-12T14:52:13  *** jck_ has quit IRC
2015-03-12T14:52:16  <kmlussier> DonB__: An icon where?
2015-03-12T14:52:31  <DonB__> Instead of cover art ...
2015-03-12T14:52:48  <DonB__> have a default picture for a Sound Recording format
2015-03-12T14:52:59  <DonB__> Or a Video recording format
2015-03-12T14:53:01  <DonB__> etc.
2015-03-12T14:53:15  <yboston> #acton yboston will create a wiki sub page where libraries can list their EG customizations
2015-03-12T14:53:16  <DonB__> Just a thougt
2015-03-12T14:53:19  <DonB__> thought
2015-03-12T14:53:32  <yboston> #action yboston will create a wiki sub page where libraries can list their EG customizations
2015-03-12T14:54:19  *** Newziky has quit IRC
2015-03-12T14:54:20  <yboston> Iwe have wanted to come up with a way that our locally produced CDs, like student cocnerts, to have a generic Berklee cover
2015-03-12T14:54:22  <kmlussier> DonB__: I don't know. It's well beyond my coding abilities.
2015-03-12T14:54:30  <yboston> we have some ideas, but nver tried any of them yet
2015-03-12T14:54:55  <yboston> DonB__: you should ask on the dev list for ideas
2015-03-12T14:55:46  <yboston> DonB__: but it helps to give some background information of why your situation led you to what you think is the solution
2015-03-12T14:56:01  <DonB__> we use bepress for our digital repository http://place.asburyseminary.edu/
2015-03-12T14:56:04  <yboston> DonB__: you can send me a draft for me to look over
2015-03-12T14:56:23  <DonB__> and use Icons and portraits of speakers
2015-03-12T14:56:24  <yboston> I need to wrap up to walk to another meeting
2015-03-12T14:57:18  <yboston> next meeting shoudl be April 9th
2015-03-12T14:57:25  <yboston> take care all
2015-03-12T14:57:30  <krvmga> yboston++
2015-03-12T14:57:31  <kmlussier> Thanks Yamil!
2015-03-12T14:57:32  <yboston> #endmeeting
2015-03-12T14:57:32  <pinesol_green> Meeting ended Thu Mar 12 14:57:32 2015 US/Eastern.  Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot . (v 0.1.4)
2015-03-12T14:57:32  <pinesol_green> Minutes:        http://evergreen-ils.org/meetings/evergreen/2015/evergreen.2015-03-12-14.00.html
2015-03-12T14:57:32  <pinesol_green> Minutes (text): http://evergreen-ils.org/meetings/evergreen/2015/evergreen.2015-03-12-14.00.txt
2015-03-12T14:57:32  <pinesol_green> Log:            http://evergreen-ils.org/meetings/evergreen/2015/evergreen.2015-03-12-14.00.log.html
2015-03-12T14:57:38  <kmlussier> yboston++
2015-03-12T14:57:41  <DonB__> Many thanks! bye
2015-03-12T14:57:44  <kmlussier> @dessert add of yboston's cheese flan
2015-03-12T14:57:44  <pinesol_green> kmlussier: The operation succeeded.  Dessert #33 added.
2015-03-12T14:58:17  *** krvmga has quit IRC
2015-03-12T14:58:19  <kmlussier> @dessert 33 [someone]
2015-03-12T14:58:19  * pinesol_green grabs some of yboston's cheese flan for eady
2015-03-12T14:58:34  *** DonB__ has quit IRC
2015-03-12T14:59:03  <kmlussier> bshum: You may have missed this earlier because you were busy. Do you know how I can delete dessert 31?
2015-03-12T14:59:12  <bshum> kmlussier: Hmm
2015-03-12T14:59:21  <bshum> @list dessert
2015-03-12T14:59:21  <pinesol_green> bshum: add, change, dessert, get, remove, search, and stats
2015-03-12T14:59:26  <bshum> @dessert remove 31
2015-03-12T14:59:26  <pinesol_green> bshum: The operation succeeded.
2015-03-12T14:59:30  <bshum> Like that.
2015-03-12T14:59:34  <kmlussier> Ah, remove! Dyrcona tried delete
2015-03-12T14:59:54  <bshum> pinesol_green: Bow to my whim, slave.
2015-03-12T14:59:54  <pinesol_green> bshum: What we have here is a failure to communicate.
2015-03-12T14:59:55  <pinesol_green> bshum: I am only a bot, please don't think I'm intelligent :)
2015-03-12T15:00:15  <kmlussier> @dessert bshum
2015-03-12T15:00:15  * pinesol_green grabs some of yboston's cheese flan for bshum
2015-03-12T15:19:58  *** mglass has quit IRC
2015-03-12T15:24:54  <bshum> kmlussier: Fwiw (finally reading scrollback), but we operated in mixed Ubuntu systems in our cluster for awhile.  Where usually we lagged our DB server behind a bit and kept reinstalling fresh VMs for the bricks, etc. over time.
2015-03-12T15:25:05  <bshum> So we had Ubuntu 10.04 -> 14.04 for the DB servers
2015-03-12T15:25:12  <bshum> 10.04 -> 12.04 for the app servers
2015-03-12T15:25:24  <bshum> (we still haven't switched to 14.04 due to the ruby EDI bug since we use acq)
2015-03-12T15:25:53  <bshum> And we used Debian 6 instead of Ubuntu for awhile till 14.04 had a workable less-buggy version of ldirector for our load balancers.
2015-03-12T15:26:16  <kmlussier> bshum: But it was just the DB server that was on a different O/S than the bricks? Or did you sometimes have a mix among your bricks too?
2015-03-12T15:26:26  <bshum> So you can use whatever OS you want for each role in your setup.  The only burden it adds is on the sys admins for keeping track of it all.
2015-03-12T15:26:44  <bshum> Right now we're in the midst of switching up our app servers too.
2015-03-12T15:26:56  <bshum> Where 5 out of 6 are 12.04 and one is 14.04
2015-03-12T15:27:10  <bshum> We're testing the 14.04 one as a side utility server and seeing what else is weird.
2015-03-12T15:27:30  <bshum> And also using it as our chance to rewrite our apache config files for the Apache 2.2 to 2.4 change that Dyrcona mentioned too.
2015-03-12T15:28:04  *** graced has quit IRC
2015-03-12T15:29:01  <bshum> Generally I find it's easier on the brain the fewer distros we have to keep track of.
2015-03-12T15:29:08  <bshum> So I've been trying to consolidate things as best as I can.
2015-03-12T15:30:44  <kmlussier> bshum: Thanks for the details!
2015-03-12T15:30:46  <kmlussier> bshum++
2015-03-12T15:30:52  <bshum> kmlussier: Actually come to think of it... we ran Lucid bricks at the same time we were building Precise bricks
2015-03-12T15:31:03  <bshum> And then we rotated them in our load balancer config to switch them when they were ready to take over.
2015-03-12T15:31:13  <bshum> So nobody noticed when we changed them over.
2015-03-12T15:31:26  <bshum> So it's all relative.
2015-03-12T15:31:27  <bshum> :D
2015-03-12T15:31:55  <Dyrcona> That's what I was hinting at when I said that you could upgrade brick by brick earlier, what bshum just described.
2015-03-12T15:32:15  <Dyrcona> Or what I meant, rather.
2015-03-12T15:32:47  <Dyrcona> And that's the way I would do it, but I wouldn't spread it out over more than a week or so.
2015-03-12T15:32:56  <bshum> Note, when I say "bricks" that's just a legacy term I affectionately call our servers.  They are not traditional "bricks" (head and drones separately maintained), but in fact single application installs.
2015-03-12T15:33:45  <Dyrcona> Right, but you could take 1 brick out of rotation, upgrade it, then put it back in rotation in ldirector.
2015-03-12T15:33:45  <bshum> With VMs, it's been easy enough to spin up new instances as necessary and smaller physical hardware working together to make a single "brick" has not been necessary for us for several years now.
2015-03-12T15:33:55  <bshum> Right.
2015-03-12T15:34:02  <bshum> Pull, NUKE IT, reinstall, and put back :)
2015-03-12T15:34:14  <bshum> Upgrade?  What is this upgrade you speak of...
2015-03-12T15:34:28  <Dyrcona> Yeah, we're very likely to do what you're doing now when we upgrade our hardware "any day now."
2015-03-12T15:35:08  <Dyrcona> We'll us VMs on a couple of hosts to simulate bricks with everything running on each vm.
2015-03-12T15:35:20  <Dyrcona> s/us/use/
2015-03-12T15:35:49  <Dyrcona> In fact, I was just putting that into my report for the board meeting next week.
2015-03-12T15:37:25  <bshum> I still amuse myself over the meeting where I first showed people how to "obliterate" users.
2015-03-12T15:37:34  <bshum> :D
2015-03-12T15:37:40  <Dyrcona> ;)
2015-03-12T15:37:47  <bshum> Words are fun.
2015-03-12T15:38:22  <Dyrcona> That's the word they use in French when you get your public transit ticket punched/stamped to show that it has been used.
2015-03-12T15:38:35  * bshum wonders how he'll have to mix pound in with ldirector with the websockets stuff.
2015-03-12T15:40:56  <jeffdavis> Can I add kmlussier's email about security bugs to the agenda for Monday's dev meeting? http://markmail.org/thread/fqrhegamnyej2s57 - I can't make the meeting but it would be good to have some follow-up discussion.
2015-03-12T15:42:22  <dbs> sounds good
2015-03-12T15:44:02  * kmlussier certainly won't object. :)
2015-03-12T15:44:14  <kmlussier> jeffdavis++
2015-03-12T15:44:47  <jeffdavis> kmlussier++
2015-03-12T15:44:49  <jeffdavis> okay, added to agenda.
2015-03-12T16:28:18  *** rjackson_isl has quit IRC
2015-03-12T16:33:22  *** jboyer-isl has quit IRC
2015-03-12T16:38:23  *** maryj has quit IRC
2015-03-12T16:39:36  *** collum has quit IRC
2015-03-12T16:45:20  <Dyrcona> So, yeah, we got hammered (mostly staff client traffic, btw) last Wednesday afternoon.
2015-03-12T16:45:33  <Dyrcona> Median hits/minute for the whole day: 625.
2015-03-12T16:45:52  <Dyrcona> Median hits/minute during the time of our high load: 2,592.
2015-03-12T16:46:25  <Dyrcona> With a maximum of 4,705 during the minute of 4:40 pm EST.
2015-03-12T16:46:53  *** yboston has quit IRC
2015-03-12T16:47:08  <Dyrcona> Our poor server did the best it could, but the load hit 154.
2015-03-12T16:48:26  *** Shae has quit IRC
2015-03-12T16:50:34  *** ericar has quit IRC
2015-03-12T16:52:23  <pinesol_green> Incoming from qatests: Test Success - http://testing.evergreen-ils.org/~live/test.html <http://testing.evergreen-ils.org/~live/test.html>
2015-03-12T16:52:53  <Dyrcona> hits==requests if you don't know what I mean.
2015-03-12T16:55:09  <gmcharlt> Dyrcona: beats baseball bats...
2015-03-12T16:55:17  <Dyrcona> :)
2015-03-12T16:55:50  <gmcharlt> now by requests, do you mean Apache requests (which could include static content), OpenSRF calls, or something else
2015-03-12T16:56:00  <Dyrcona> Apache requests.
2015-03-12T16:56:14  <Dyrcona> And there isn't much static content.
2015-03-12T16:56:27  <Dyrcona> Since this server only serves up Evergreen.
2015-03-12T16:57:15  <Dyrcona> But, hey, 300+ requests from a handful of libraries, 200+ from some others, and 100+ from a bunch more, add up in a hurry.
2015-03-12T16:57:31  <gmcharlt> any sign of a cat sitting on a circ station's keyboard at the time - or does it all look like normal traffic, just a lot of it?
2015-03-12T16:57:48  <Dyrcona> Just a lot of traffic as as I can tell.
2015-03-12T16:58:06  <Dyrcona> It's not like one library really stands out.
2015-03-12T16:58:30  <Dyrcona> and occasionally, the local host, doing head requests for added content wins.
2015-03-12T16:59:13  <Dyrcona> It's like between 4:10 and 4:15 someone flipped a switch and set the larger libraries in to high speed.
2015-03-12T16:59:37  <Dyrcona> Guess kids were getting stuff for term reports or somethings.
2015-03-12T17:00:37  <Dyrcona> Anyway, time to go.
2015-03-12T17:00:48  <Dyrcona> Cya'll tomorrow.
2015-03-12T17:00:56  *** Dyrcona has quit IRC
2015-03-12T17:03:16  *** akilsdonk has quit IRC
2015-03-12T17:08:27  *** jjlundgren has quit IRC
2015-03-12T17:25:43  *** mmorgan has left #evergreen
2015-03-12T17:26:37  *** mglass has joined #evergreen
2015-03-12T17:29:17  *** mllewellyn has quit IRC
2015-03-12T17:52:15  *** collinanderson has joined #evergreen
2015-03-12T17:52:18  <collinanderson> yo
2015-03-12T17:55:19  <collinanderson> I just heard of evergreen 5 minutes ago. is the code on github?
2015-03-12T18:03:20  <collinanderson> found it https://github.com/evergreen-library-system/Evergreen
2015-03-12T18:10:17  *** dreuther has quit IRC
2015-03-12T18:11:53  *** dcook has joined #evergreen
2015-03-12T18:14:27  <jeffdavis> collinanderson: That is indeed Evergreen, but in general the dev community doesn't use github for development.
2015-03-12T18:14:49  <jeffdavis> The official repo can be seen at http://git.evergreen-ils.org/?p=Evergreen.git and issue tracking is managed in Launchpad, at https://launchpad.net/evergreen
2015-03-12T18:15:06  <jeffdavis> Just in case you're wondering why there's so little activity on Github for an active project. :)
2015-03-12T18:16:26  <collinanderson> gotcha
2015-03-12T18:19:24  <collinanderson> what's the difference between evergreen and opensrf?
2015-03-12T18:21:24  <jeffdavis> OpenSRF is a message routing layer. Evergreen depends on it. So if you wanted to install Evergreen, you'd install OpenSRF first, then Evergreen on top of it.
2015-03-12T18:29:28  *** bbqben has quit IRC
2015-03-12T18:32:42  <collinanderson> gotcha. interesting. what sort of messaging happens under the hood?
2015-03-12T18:42:25  *** bbqben has joined #evergreen
2015-03-12T18:44:39  <jeffdavis> With OpenSRF, you define services which communicate by sending each other chunks of JSON over XMPP.
2015-03-12T18:45:45  <jeffdavis> So the core of Evergreen is a set of closely interrelated OpenSRF services.
2015-03-12T18:47:45  <jeffdavis> I'm probably oversimplifying, and there are bunch of people in this channel who know OpenSRF better than me, but that's the essence of it. :)
2015-03-12T19:00:05  *** vlewis has quit IRC
2015-03-12T19:06:20  <collinanderson> gotcha. is it really big enough that it makes sense to have multiple services?
2015-03-12T19:08:09  <eeevil> collinanderson: evergreen? well, http://git.evergreen-ils.org/gitstats/Evergreen/lines.html says we're at 1.7M lines of code in the repo :)
2015-03-12T19:08:20  <collinanderson> dang. nice
2015-03-12T19:16:19  <jeffdavis> "Evergreen: The Industrial-Strength Open Source ILS"
2015-03-12T19:24:56  <eeevil> jeffdavis: it's Enterprise(tm) ;)
2015-03-12T19:31:44  <jeffdavis> heh
2015-03-12T20:00:40  *** jwoodard has quit IRC
2015-03-12T20:13:40  *** bbqben has quit IRC
2015-03-12T20:19:29  *** sandbergja has quit IRC
2015-03-12T20:48:21  *** bmills has quit IRC
2015-03-12T21:22:14  *** jihpringle has quit IRC
2015-03-12T22:30:34  *** akilsdonk has joined #evergreen
2015-03-12T23:56:00  *** akilsdonk has quit IRC
