2015-03-19T05:17:27  <pinesol_green> Incoming from qatests: Test Success - http://testing.evergreen-ils.org/~live/test.html <http://testing.evergreen-ils.org/~live/test.html>
2015-03-19T07:30:59  *** jboyer-isl has joined #evergreen
2015-03-19T07:33:56  *** graced has joined #evergreen
2015-03-19T07:52:56  *** rjackson_isl has joined #evergreen
2015-03-19T08:00:28  *** ericar has joined #evergreen
2015-03-19T08:06:31  *** collum has joined #evergreen
2015-03-19T08:07:35  *** mrpeters has joined #evergreen
2015-03-19T08:08:00  *** TaraC has joined #evergreen
2015-03-19T08:31:41  *** mmorgan has joined #evergreen
2015-03-19T08:42:39  *** Shae has joined #evergreen
2015-03-19T08:50:35  *** akilsdonk has joined #evergreen
2015-03-19T09:00:19  *** maryj has joined #evergreen
2015-03-19T09:08:41  *** Dyrcona has joined #evergreen
2015-03-19T09:21:15  * csharp comes up with a (probably unfair) rule of thumb that when given the chance, and enough committee meetings, librarians turn what should be simple in to something complicated :-/
2015-03-19T09:21:42  <csharp> "but what about ____?"
2015-03-19T09:21:58  <dbs> corollary: when given a chance, librarians will turn a simple decision into a committee meeting
2015-03-19T09:22:07  <csharp> dbs++
2015-03-19T09:22:21  <mmorgan> s/librarians/<almost anyone> ;-)
2015-03-19T09:22:27  <dbs> mmorgan++
2015-03-19T09:22:32  * csharp is scheduled up to to the teeth with exactly those kinds of meetings for the next 2 days
2015-03-19T09:22:55  <csharp> however, my original comment referred to creating reports templates
2015-03-19T09:23:24  <csharp> the descriptions are things like "total circs by library" but they become massive templates with many knobs and buttons ;-)
2015-03-19T09:27:17  <tsbere> "Give us a list of holds" ends up implying "and every piece of data we have ever considered being possibly useful from the bib those holds are placed on"
2015-03-19T09:27:22  <tsbere> <_<
2015-03-19T09:28:24  <csharp> tsbere: right
2015-03-19T09:29:07  <csharp> I'm also dealing with the "we want this to display *and* be a filter" issue (which in most cases means potentially excluding the very data they're after)
2015-03-19T09:29:34  <tsbere> And of course the "Oh, and can we get information from other levels? This report is based on bib records, but we want these copy stat cats included...."
2015-03-19T09:30:00  <csharp> there are use cases for "cast broadly" reports and for "targeted" reports - and they can't be all-in-one as our end users desire
2015-03-19T09:30:24  <csharp> yep
2015-03-19T09:30:33  <dbs> csharp: there's pgdump you know
2015-03-19T09:30:41  <csharp> :-)
2015-03-19T09:31:20  <csharp> actually, we often recommend that they cast broadly and sort it all out in Excel, which is way better at doing what they're actually after
2015-03-19T09:31:29  <jeff> this is why i like reports that link to subreports for the specific details, or just link to the catalog. it's rare that that level is detail is desired to be printed or sorted or even seen on the screen all at once, and for those, we handle with another report.
2015-03-19T09:31:31  <tsbere> One of my favorites from a phone conversation: They wanted a list of bibs that their patrons had placed holds on, that they don't have copies of, that met some other criteria. And one of the output columns they wanted was their call number.
2015-03-19T09:31:35  <csharp> but then the problem is one of poor Excel competency :-/
2015-03-19T09:31:52  <jeff> an optional subreport is also a possibility -- i'm pretty sure i can do that without too much effort, though i've not tried yet.
2015-03-19T09:33:38  <jeff> "here's a count of different circ modifiers in each shelving location at or below this org unit. what, you want to know which items in the Browsing Hot DVDs shelving location have circ modifier BOOK? click on that line."
2015-03-19T09:34:12  <jeff> rather, "you see two items with circ modifier BOOK in what seems to be the wrong shelving location and want to see what those two items are? click."
2015-03-19T09:35:42  <jeff> sometimes i miss procmail. i have an automated mail where i like to set a label if the mail contains "Warning: "
2015-03-19T09:35:55  <jeff> but it false positives when the output contains this title: ``Warning: do not open this book!''
2015-03-19T09:52:26  <Dyrcona> Whee! Finding out you didn't move over a couple of circ rules from your migration that you did four years ago!
2015-03-19T09:53:49  <Dyrcona> No, wait. It is there, but I must need more than 1 rule.
2015-03-19T10:00:33  <Dyrcona> So, an example of complicating things....
2015-03-19T10:00:40  <Dyrcona> That rule I was talking about being missing.
2015-03-19T10:00:45  <Dyrcona> It's there and it works.
2015-03-19T10:01:02  <Dyrcona> It stops patrons in a certain group from circulating anything anywhere.
2015-03-19T10:01:16  <Dyrcona> However, we have patrons in that group who were barred.
2015-03-19T10:01:19  <Dyrcona> Why?
2015-03-19T10:01:36  <Dyrcona> There's also a rules that blocks them from placing holds.
2015-03-19T10:02:00  <Dyrcona> However, there are 680 other rules that allow anyone to place holds for certain things for local pickup only.
2015-03-19T10:02:19  <Dyrcona> Apparently, I need 680 exceptions to those other rules.
2015-03-19T10:02:56  <Dyrcona> Just another case of, we want people to place holds on everything, except this and this and this and that stuff over there, and....
2015-03-19T10:04:23  <Dyrcona> Oh, and except these people....
2015-03-19T10:05:55  <Dyrcona> I suppose before I add another 680 hold matrix entries, I should test if the rules are already working as intended.
2015-03-19T10:06:20  <Dyrcona> Without an actual test, it is all conjecture and anecdotes.
2015-03-19T10:14:57  <jonadab> Every time you large-library-system people start talking about holds, I remember how glad I am to work for a single-ou library system.
2015-03-19T10:15:30  <Dyrcona> Well, I may be going to a lot of trouble for nothing.
2015-03-19T10:15:39  <jeff> if we could eliminate our use of age hold protection, i'd be pretty happy with holds in general. our rules are pretty simple.
2015-03-19T10:15:44  <Dyrcona> We only have 24 of these patrons, and 7 are expired.
2015-03-19T10:16:02  <jeff> it's the "you can't have that unless you go there to pick it up" that's hard to explain without sounding ridiculous.
2015-03-19T10:16:28  <jonadab> Ah.
2015-03-19T10:16:46  *** mrpeters has quit IRC
2015-03-19T10:16:54  <jonadab> For us that would be either "I'm sorry, we don't have that, do you want me to see if we can get it for  you from another library?"
2015-03-19T10:17:01  <jeff> but we're not "large", either. six locations in this district.
2015-03-19T10:17:18  <eeevil> Dyrcona: you could consider giving those 17 users a custom penalty that blocks holds and circs, instead of using rules
2015-03-19T10:17:20  <jonadab> And then if the organization we ILL from doesn't have it, then "I'm sorry, we can't get that one."
2015-03-19T10:17:48  <eeevil> (IIUC)
2015-03-19T10:17:51  <Dyrcona> eeevil: Staff have been barring them, but the group should be working, and for circ I'm confident that it is.
2015-03-19T10:18:02  <Dyrcona> I think it might not be block holds.
2015-03-19T10:18:08  <jonadab> Admittedly, you don't really want to know about the system we're using for ILL circs.  It's...  a holdover from a holdover.
2015-03-19T10:18:22  <jonadab> (It involves barcodes on 3x5 cards...)
2015-03-19T10:18:24  <Dyrcona> And, I need to reember to add this group to our NCIPServer config as a blocked group.
2015-03-19T10:19:24  <Dyrcona> jeff: We have a lot of that "you have to go here to pick it up" stuff, and that's where I think my trouble lies.
2015-03-19T10:19:34  <jeff> jonadab: sometimes i think i'd love a system that involved barcodes on cards. we have to fire up a modified/stripped client for an ILS we don't use in order to process items from our state ILL system. :-)
2015-03-19T10:19:34  <eeevil> Dyrcona: I suspect that the behavior is "allow holds, just don't allow them to actually pick them up" ... some libraries treat that as a way to get "bad" patrons to come in and pay their fines.  "Hey, you're book's here!"
2015-03-19T10:20:01  <Dyrcona> eeevil: We have that on the penalties, not on groups, and that was not the intention here.
2015-03-19T10:20:17  <Dyrcona> Mass. has this notion of "certified for ILL."
2015-03-19T10:20:20  <jeff> eeevil: we do that, but alas it sounds like in Dyrcona's case there's no easy way to bring the patron back into good standing. :-)
2015-03-19T10:20:23  <eeevil> Dyrcona: gotcha ... I'll hush :)
2015-03-19T10:20:34  <Dyrcona> Mass. also has a law that says you must serve any patron from a certified library.
2015-03-19T10:20:42  <Dyrcona> So, we put their home barcode in our system.
2015-03-19T10:21:01  <Dyrcona> When a library loses its ILL certification, we put them into this group.
2015-03-19T10:21:17  <Dyrcona> Of course, we almost never take them out later.....
2015-03-19T10:21:39  <Dyrcona> But, seems like a lot of effort for 24 out of 600,000 patrons.
2015-03-19T10:21:47  <Dyrcona> give or take.
2015-03-19T10:21:50  *** RoganH has joined #evergreen
2015-03-19T10:21:58  <jeff> Are these patrons eligible to receive any kind of service from your libraries? Why not set them to that group + inactive and/or barred?
2015-03-19T10:23:04  <Dyrcona> Well, why do that? TIMTOWTDI!
2015-03-19T10:27:44  <Dyrcona> Trouble is, as usual, I'm getting information third hand, so I can't trust any of it.
2015-03-19T10:28:06  *** jwoodard has joined #evergreen
2015-03-19T10:46:38  <_bott_> Please forgive my not looking for the answer first, but what's the best Postgres version to use these days.  Any gotchas with 9.4.x?
2015-03-19T10:49:47  *** mrpeters has joined #evergreen
2015-03-19T10:52:22  *** ningalls has joined #evergreen
2015-03-19T10:53:50  <Dyrcona> _bott_: AFAIK, 9.3.6 is the highest being used in production.
2015-03-19T10:54:11  <Dyrcona> _bott_: That said, I am not aware of any problems with 9.4.x.
2015-03-19T10:55:03  <_bott_> I shall pay attention while testing!
2015-03-19T10:57:00  *** vlewis has joined #evergreen
2015-03-19T10:57:27  *** vlewis_ has joined #evergreen
2015-03-19T11:00:33  *** RoganH has quit IRC
2015-03-19T11:01:51  *** RoganH has joined #evergreen
2015-03-19T11:06:12  <csharp> _bott_: we're very happy on 9.3.X
2015-03-19T11:06:47  <Dyrcona> Looks like I'm hit with another case of mistaken folkore.
2015-03-19T11:07:13  <Dyrcona> The hold and circ rules are doing what we want for this patron group, and staff are barring them because, well....
2015-03-19T11:08:55  <jeff> "because their card still scans at the self checkout terminal unless we bar them"
2015-03-19T11:09:04  <jeff> "because they were able to use electronic resources"
2015-03-19T11:09:14  <jeff> "because they were able to get on a computer"
2015-03-19T11:09:20  <jeff> "because they could log in to the catalog"
2015-03-19T11:09:22  <jeff> "because."
2015-03-19T11:09:40  <tsbere> "because they assumed it wasn't working without actually checking"
2015-03-19T11:09:45  <jeff> lots of possible reasons. frustrating when it's a game of telephone to find out the answers.
2015-03-19T11:10:07  <tsbere> maybe "because it doesn't scream at staff why the card doesn't work just because the patron type was assigned"
2015-03-19T11:12:55  <Dyrcona> I still don't know if any libraries are presently not certified for ILL. I'm not sure how to find out, either.
2015-03-19T11:14:47  <Dyrcona> Heh, and searching turns up certification for public librarians in the state, and that the director of a public library must have this certification for the library to get state aid.
2015-03-19T11:18:29  * Dyrcona did find a directory of all the libraries in the state, but no mention of their ILL certification status. Still, that's a handy thing to have.
2015-03-19T11:21:31  <Dyrcona> We have a similar issue with what tsbere last said in regard to our "Local Use Only" patron group.
2015-03-19T11:21:56  <Dyrcona> Nothing can be simple.
2015-03-19T11:24:03  <Dyrcona> I imagine that is the main reason the patrons end up barred.
2015-03-19T11:46:34  <kmlussier> Dyrcona: ILL is a service made available through MLS or through the BPL as library of last recourse. I think they should contact MLS to get an answer to that question.
2015-03-19T11:46:50  * kmlussier thinks that decertified libraries still gets those services, but isn't sure.
2015-03-19T11:47:14  <Dyrcona> kmlussier: Yes, but I was hoping for a list of non-certified libraries.
2015-03-19T11:47:51  <Dyrcona> Last one that I remember for sure was from 2010, and they usually don't stay non-certified for very long, a year or two usually.
2015-03-19T11:48:17  <Dyrcona> Just another tempest in a tea pot, or a typical day for me. :)
2015-03-19T11:48:19  <kmlussier> IIRC, there were a lot back then. I think the numbers have gone down since.
2015-03-19T11:48:48  *** sandbergja has joined #evergreen
2015-03-19T11:49:16  <kmlussier> Dyrcona: This? http://mblc.state.ma.us/grants/state_aid/awards/noncert_list.php
2015-03-19T11:50:09  <Dyrcona> kmlussier++ # You're the best.
2015-03-19T11:50:15  *** bmills has joined #evergreen
2015-03-19T11:50:22  <Dyrcona> I searched the MBLC site and didn't turn that up.
2015-03-19T11:50:30  <kmlussier> Dyrcona: Thanks for a reason to put my librarian skills to work. :)
2015-03-19T11:51:02  <Dyrcona> The one patron that I looked at should probably not be in that group any longer.
2015-03-19T11:52:23  * Dyrcona updates an internal bug ticket.
2015-03-19T11:52:31  *** bmills has quit IRC
2015-03-19T11:52:52  *** bmills has joined #evergreen
2015-03-19T11:54:52  *** bmills has quit IRC
2015-03-19T11:55:25  * Dyrcona wonders if there is a list of barcode prefixes for all MA libraries somewhere.
2015-03-19T11:55:49  <Dyrcona> The statewide library directory doesn't include that information.
2015-03-19T11:55:55  *** bmills has joined #evergreen
2015-03-19T11:58:34  <kmlussier> Dyrcona: I think the librarians view of the directory may have it, but you need to log in. pk could probably get that info for you.
2015-03-19T11:58:53  <Dyrcona> OK.
2015-03-19T11:59:32  <Dyrcona> That makes sense.
2015-03-19T11:59:43  <Dyrcona> I could probably get an account, too.
2015-03-19T12:02:59  *** mrpeters has quit IRC
2015-03-19T12:05:27  *** mglass has joined #evergreen
2015-03-19T12:08:15  *** RoganH has quit IRC
2015-03-19T12:10:04  *** mrpeters has joined #evergreen
2015-03-19T12:27:53  *** TaraC has quit IRC
2015-03-19T12:29:17  <bshum> _bott_: We're using PG 9.3.6 in production, but I've got a test server giving PG 9.4.1 a whirl. Love to compare notes with you later on.
2015-03-19T13:15:02  *** sarabee has joined #evergreen
2015-03-19T13:23:34  <dbs> Members of the Evergreen Oversight Board, a heads-up that I was asked if Evergreen would be willing to have their logo added to the http://www.libhub.org/sponsors-partners/ page as a "Partner" (given our focus on many of the same goals as libhub, re: visibility on the web, schema.org, etc)
2015-03-19T13:24:26  <dbs> and my response was "Umm, I don't know if the new logo terms of usage were ever finalized (all I could find is a draft) but I think you would need the EOB's okay"
2015-03-19T13:25:22  <kmlussier> They were finalized.
2015-03-19T13:25:54  <dbs> It's not clear to me what being a "partner" would actually mean. On the other hand, there was discussion about raising Evergreen's visibility / PR, so this might fall under that
2015-03-19T13:25:55  <kmlussier> I don't know if they're posted anywhere, but I know we voted on them.
2015-03-19T13:26:32  <dbs> http://wiki.evergreen-ils.org/doku.php?id=governance:trademark-policy is what I was able to find
2015-03-19T13:26:38  <kmlussier> I think it would need the EOB's okay too. bbqben should be here soon. I'll direct him to the question.
2015-03-19T13:27:11  <jeff> libhub apparently uses squarespace.
2015-03-19T13:27:20  <jeff> i know this because it stole my Esc key. :P
2015-03-19T13:27:27  <dbs> http://wiki.evergreen-ils.org/doku.php?id=governance:minutes:2012-10-17 - we did approve it
2015-03-19T13:28:22  <maryj> Looking at the website, the focus is on exploring "BIBFRAME and the Linked Data in Libraries movement"
2015-03-19T13:28:28  <kmlussier> I think gmcharlt has had a standing action time to update the trademark page on the site. gmcharlt: Do you want help with that task?
2015-03-19T13:28:40  <kmlussier> Asks the person who has very little time to help with anything ATM
2015-03-19T13:29:21  <dbs> kmlussier++
2015-03-19T13:30:05  <maryj> But I was surprised to see SirsiDynix as a sponsor (maybe I shouldn't be?)
2015-03-19T13:30:15  <dbs> And III
2015-03-19T13:31:13  <dbs> BIBFRAME is a part, yes, the linked data part is perhaps more relevant to the libhub goals, which (as far as I understand them) are all about improving discoverability of library resources on the general web
2015-03-19T13:31:34  *** krvmga has joined #evergreen
2015-03-19T13:31:45  <maryj> Gotcha, and improving discoverablility would be a great thing.
2015-03-19T13:32:08  <dbs> e.g. in the search engines most people use, by using sitemaps / integrating schema.org / not sending search engines to search result pages etc
2015-03-19T13:32:28  <dbs> all things that Evergreen is arguable an industry leader in
2015-03-19T13:33:41  <krvmga> in the opac, the black diamond/white question mark keeps popping up in various places. (See http://bark.cwmars.org/eg/opac/record/3309215?query=creative%20class%20goes%20global;qtype=keyword;locg=1 )
2015-03-19T13:33:49  <dbs> Zepheira's approach (again, if I understand it) is to take MARC from participating libraries, convert it to BIBFRAME & link up the resulting data as much as possible, then publish that on libhub.org using the web discoverability best practices that Evergreen largely already does on its own
2015-03-19T13:34:01  <krvmga> now this typically just screams "encoding"
2015-03-19T13:34:08  <dbs> krvmga: yep
2015-03-19T13:34:14  <krvmga> but where to find where the encoding went wrong?
2015-03-19T13:34:25  <krvmga> tracking it down is the issue
2015-03-19T13:34:53  * tsbere isn't sure if a...discrepency he found should be considered a security issue or not. <_<
2015-03-19T13:35:34  <krvmga> i need troubleshooting tips on the order of "computer won't start?" "is it plugged in?" "is it turned on?" "is the monitor on?" etc.
2015-03-19T13:35:42  <dbs> krvmga: almost 100% that the original MARC record was messed up to begin with
2015-03-19T13:35:54  <dbs> e.g. that it was in MARC8 but claimed to be UTF8, or vice versa
2015-03-19T13:36:12  <dbs> or that someone just entered Latin-1 into an existing MARC8 / UTF8 record
2015-03-19T13:36:24  <krvmga> dbs: thanks for that. i'm trying to be sensitive to our cataloging dept. and not just immediately say "your end!"
2015-03-19T13:36:37  <krvmga> but what you say is completely reasonable
2015-03-19T13:37:19  *** abneiman has joined #evergreen
2015-03-19T13:37:20  <dbs> It could be the record source
2015-03-19T13:37:40  <dbs> If it was copy-catalogued, they might have messed up the encoding when it was transferred to you
2015-03-19T13:37:53  <dbs> (they being the z39.50 source)
2015-03-19T13:38:16  <krvmga> so how do my catalogers insure everything's UTF-8 before they import records?
2015-03-19T13:38:21  <dbs> tsbere: report it as a security issue and then we'll decide whether to publicize?
2015-03-19T13:38:51  <jeff> +1 that is my default recommendation
2015-03-19T13:39:19  *** RoganH has joined #evergreen
2015-03-19T13:39:27  <jeff> i feel that line would benefit from some punctuation
2015-03-19T13:41:11  <krvmga> i don't want to give my catalogers a problem without pointing to a solution.
2015-03-19T13:43:29  <dbs> krvmga: not sure if when they import the record whether the marc view shows the characters as they'll end up being in the catalogue
2015-03-19T13:43:40  <dbs> Would be worth trying to reproduce
2015-03-19T13:43:58  <krvmga> dbs: i will ask.
2015-03-19T13:44:00  <krvmga> dbs++
2015-03-19T13:44:36  <dbs> And if they don't, we have another bug to work on :)
2015-03-19T13:45:06  <dbs> s/they don't/the characters look fine in the import marc view but are corrupted once the record is imported/
2015-03-19T13:45:10  *** montgoc1 has joined #evergreen
2015-03-19T13:47:48  <Dyrcona> I've seen records that won't import via Z39.50 or won't show up in the list because of encoding issues.
2015-03-19T13:47:56  <Dyrcona> Dunno if I've made Launchpad bugs.
2015-03-19T13:48:22  <Dyrcona> I think the SRU double encoding might be part of the problem when talking to an Evergreen server at least.
2015-03-19T13:51:52  *** bbqben has joined #evergreen
2015-03-19T13:54:28  <Dyrcona> EOB meeting today?
2015-03-19T13:54:52  <bshum> Yeah, at 2
2015-03-19T13:55:02  <bshum> Well, 2pm Eastern
2015-03-19T13:55:06  <kmlussier> bbqben: Can I direct your attention to a discussion we just had? http://irc.evergreen-ils.org/evergreen/2015-03-19#i_164971
2015-03-19T13:55:24  <kmlussier> I didn't know if you wanted to raise the question with the EOB if there is time at the end of the meeting.
2015-03-19T13:57:26  <bbqben> kmlussier: thanks - will slot this in under new business if there's time (should be) ...
2015-03-19T13:57:41  <Dyrcona> I should book mark the community calendar.
2015-03-19T13:58:28  <bbqben> All - EOB meeting starting here in a few Alabama Shakes (earworm) - cheers
2015-03-19T14:01:51  <bbqben> ok, lets get rolling
2015-03-19T14:01:57  <bbqben> #startmeeting Evergreen Oversight Board Meeting, 19.03.15
2015-03-19T14:01:57  <pinesol_green> Meeting started Thu Mar 19 14:01:57 2015 US/Eastern.  The chair is bbqben. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
2015-03-19T14:01:57  <pinesol_green> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
2015-03-19T14:01:57  <pinesol_green> The meeting name has been set to 'evergreen_oversight_board_meeting__19_03_15'
2015-03-19T14:02:15  <bbqben> #topic introductions
2015-03-19T14:02:16  <bbqben> EOB members, please introduce yourself with #info
2015-03-19T14:02:40  <graced> #info graced is Grace Dunbar, Equinox
2015-03-19T14:02:45  <bshum> #info bshum is Ben Shum, Bibliomation
2015-03-19T14:02:47  <bbqben> #info bbqben is Ben Hyman, BC Libraries Co-op / Sitka
2015-03-19T14:02:55  <montgoc1> #info montgoc1 is Chauncey Montgomery, Consortium of Ohio Libraries
2015-03-19T14:02:57  <RoganH> #info RoganH is Rogan Hamby, SCLENDS
2015-03-19T14:03:10  <kmlussier> #info kmlussier is Kathy Lussier, MassLNC
2015-03-19T14:03:36  <bbqben> hi everyone!
2015-03-19T14:03:36  <abneiman> #info abneiman is Andrea Buntz Neiman, Kent County Public Library
2015-03-19T14:04:06  <bbqben> #topic Minutes/Actions from last meeting
2015-03-19T14:04:15  <bbqben> #info http://evergreen-ils.org/meetings/evergreen/2015/evergreen.2015-02-19-14.04.html
2015-03-19T14:05:05  <csharp> #info csharp is Chris Sharp, GPLS
2015-03-19T14:05:10  <bbqben> looks like most of the actions are on this agenda either explicitly or kindof
2015-03-19T14:05:35  <bbqben> So, moving on...
2015-03-19T14:05:43  <bbqben> #topic EG2015 Conference Report
2015-03-19T14:05:48  *** buzzy has joined #evergreen
2015-03-19T14:05:57  <bbqben> buzzy: nice timing!
2015-03-19T14:06:11  <buzzy> great! sorry, i got pulled away to deal with something at the desk
2015-03-19T14:06:33  <bbqben> buzzy: no worries - how are things coming with planning?
2015-03-19T14:07:04  <buzzy> conference planning is going fairly well. local staff and i are starting to work on the individual details of how the conference will go with the venue.
2015-03-19T14:07:43  <buzzy> the programming committee sounds like they got some great proposals, which are viewable on the wiki. i'm working with the venue to get more rooms for wednesday, as it sounds like we'll have the two hackfests as well as a couple of other items
2015-03-19T14:08:19  <buzzy> we're working on sponsors. we don't have as many as i'd like, but graced and bmills are working on that
2015-03-19T14:09:10  <buzzy> registration numbers are slightly over 100 right now, which is not where i'd like to be at, but i think they'll go up once we confirm more sponsors and get out the shuttle and program schedules
2015-03-19T14:09:13  <csharp> #info 2015 EG Conference proposals: http://wiki.evergreen-ils.org/doku.php?id=conference:2015:proposals
2015-03-19T14:09:20  <buzzy> thanks csharp
2015-03-19T14:09:37  <csharp> buzzy: sure thing :-)
2015-03-19T14:10:34  <bbqben> buzzy: shuttle arrangements / costing coming together ok?
2015-03-19T14:10:36  <buzzy> i do have one area of the budget where we need eob approval. as you've probably heard, we have the awesome joseph janes from the uw information school as our keynote. his honorarium is $1,500, but we only budgeted $1,000. however ...
2015-03-19T14:11:26  <buzzy> the total price we budgeted for the keynote was $1,950, including travel and incidentals. because he's traveling from seattle, i'm not sure that we'll actually go over that amount. nonetheless, the honorarium line item will be overspent
2015-03-19T14:11:47  <kmlussier> Do we know how much the travel costs will be?
2015-03-19T14:12:31  <buzzy> i'd need to talk with tony about that to learn what the sfc pays for mileage. or perhaps someone here knows?
2015-03-19T14:12:36  <RoganH> Seattle to Hood River is ~228 miles each way.  Not a huge but not a trivial trip.
2015-03-19T14:13:21  <buzzy> assuming federal reimbursement rate, it'd be about $275
2015-03-19T14:13:40  <kmlussier> I don't know, but I just pinged Tony.
2015-03-19T14:14:28  <bbqben> looks like the all-in will still be fairly close, unless I'm reading this wrong.
2015-03-19T14:15:14  <buzzy> yes. if travel gets rounded up to $300, it would be $300+$1,500+$200 = $2,000
2015-03-19T14:15:40  <buzzy> although i have a feeling the incidentals won't be that high, either, as alas he's unable to stay for the whole conference
2015-03-19T14:15:49  <bbqben> so unless there's strong disagreement, the $50 discrepancy can be managed by the local planning team
2015-03-19T14:16:08  <bbqben> shuttle arrangements / costing coming together ok?
2015-03-19T14:16:28  <kmlussier> Tony confirms that it's the federal reimbursement rate, so $2,000 sounds about right.
2015-03-19T14:16:29  <buzzy> sorry, bbqgen, i missed your other question. yes, shuttle is fine. i just confirmed it today. about $2,800. $3,000 was budgeted
2015-03-19T14:16:40  <buzzy> *bbqben
2015-03-19T14:17:09  <bbqben> buzzy: great news that the shuttle's within budget.
2015-03-19T14:17:38  <buzzy> yes indeed! i have nothing further to report, unless there are questions
2015-03-19T14:17:50  <abneiman> Any sense of the timing of the shuttle?
2015-03-19T14:17:54  <kmlussier> Can I talk about the Eventbrite sponsorship?
2015-03-19T14:18:01  <kmlussier> After you answer abneiman's question.
2015-03-19T14:19:23  <buzzy> abneiman: realizing that we can't serve everyone's needs, they'll be shuttle service in the afternoon and evenings on the 12th and 13th, and service on 16th during the morning and afternoon, and on the morning of the 17th
2015-03-19T14:19:33  <buzzy> and yes, absolutely, kmlussier
2015-03-19T14:19:48  <abneiman> thanks buzzy
2015-03-19T14:20:12  <kmlussier> Tony Sebro was able to get an Eventbrite sponsorship again this year.
2015-03-19T14:20:25  <kmlussier> However, as in previous years, there are conditions on the sponsorship - http://pastebin.com/N2mkPMnm
2015-03-19T14:20:41  <kmlussier> The last bullet point is actually something new that was added to the conditions.
2015-03-19T14:21:16  <kmlussier> I just want to bring it to the Board's attention. Since the Eventbrite sponsorship doesn't go through our typical sponsorship package, I think the EOB needs to be okay with any conditions placed on the sponsorship.
2015-03-19T14:21:59  <RoganH> It's a bit burdensome but allows us to avoid a substantial cost.
2015-03-19T14:22:00  <kmlussier> I know when they added the second bulletpoint last year, the EOB requested that all sponsors be acknowledged in the confirmation email so that Eventbrite wasn't getting a benefit that other sponsors weren't receiving.
2015-03-19T14:22:02  <graced> I think it's going to be challenging to recognize Eventbrite in tweets and still have enough characters to talk about the conference update.
2015-03-19T14:22:18  <abneiman> whoa.
2015-03-19T14:22:20  <kmlussier> graced: I asked Tony that very question. :)
2015-03-19T14:22:30  * kmlussier searches for his response.
2015-03-19T14:22:38  <graced> Can we get an exception for Twitter at the very least?
2015-03-19T14:22:52  <RoganH> Sorry, I will have to step away, I have a security issue to deal with a patron harassing a woman.  I'll be back shortly.
2015-03-19T14:23:29  <kmlussier> From Tony: re: social media:  No, I don't think it's reasonable to apply that requirement to require mentioning Eventbrite in every Twitter blast.  If Evergreen uses Facebook or G+, I'd definitely recommend including the magic language in any Facebook or G+ event page created for the conference.  But, I wouldn't bother including it in short microblogs, e.g., "Evergreen Conference - see you in May!"
2015-03-19T14:23:50  <graced> So there's some flexibility.
2015-03-19T14:23:59  * csharp exhales
2015-03-19T14:24:16  <kmlussier> His suggestion was that we use the following language in other publicity: ""register via Eventbrite [url], Evergreen's official ticketing provider"
2015-03-19T14:24:28  * csharp was getting ready for having to put their logo on the PINES catalog :-/
2015-03-19T14:24:37  <graced> But I feel like that's an awful lot of free marketing that we're giving them when our Platinum sponsors at $4,000 don't get the same benefit.
2015-03-19T14:25:33  <abneiman> I agree with graced ... I mean, mentioning EB on every.single.thing (except I guess Twitter)?  That seems both excessive, and unfair to other sponsors who won't get the same consideration.
2015-03-19T14:25:46  <graced> OTOH, there's not a ton of choice at this late of an hour...
2015-03-19T14:25:57  <montgoc1> It does seem like a bit much for logo placement.
2015-03-19T14:26:00  * csharp agrees
2015-03-19T14:26:35  <abneiman> And that lack of choice at this point makes me even more uncomfortable with this ... feels a little forced?
2015-03-19T14:26:47  <montgoc1> Yes
2015-03-19T14:26:53  <kmlussier> buzzy: How do you feel about the budget? Do you think the Eventbrite fees would add a burden to the budget?
2015-03-19T14:27:10  <kmlussier> buzzy: I know you mentioned that registrations were lower than you wanted.
2015-03-19T14:27:30  <buzzy> i was just going to calculate that! hold please ..
2015-03-19T14:27:43  <csharp> GPLS/PINES staff *just* got approved to go to the conference, so expect us to register this week or next :-/
2015-03-19T14:28:19  <bbqben> Should mention that the SFC-Eventbrite partnership agreement is for all SFC projects, not just Evergreen
2015-03-19T14:28:35  <kmlussier> Yes, thank you for that clarification Ben!
2015-03-19T14:29:03  <buzzy> we're currently on the hook for them for about $475. even if registration numbers more than double, it wouldn't exceed $1,500
2015-03-19T14:30:05  <buzzy> bbqben: well that changes things a bit, but i'd imagine the sfc's other projects would have similar discomfort
2015-03-19T14:30:17  <bbqben> IMHO, only EventBrite wins in this arrangement relative to what other sponsors get for their $
2015-03-19T14:30:51  <graced> Is there room for negotiation?
2015-03-19T14:30:56  <kmlussier> $475 isn't that much money. And if it's $1,500 then we have enough registration to not be concerned about the budget. :)
2015-03-19T14:31:11  <graced> good point kmlussier  :)
2015-03-19T14:31:37  <bbqben> kmlussier: you're suggesting going solo via EventBrite?
2015-03-19T14:32:02  <RoganH> back
2015-03-19T14:32:50  <bbqben> graced: negotiation scope wasn't implied in the emails I saw. A concern that projects weren't consulted on the terms.
2015-03-19T14:32:52  <kmlussier> bbqben: It seems like an option if you all don't feel comfortable with the terms.
2015-03-19T14:33:27  <graced> bbqben: I assumed no negotiation since it was a blanket agreement for all the SFC.... but thought I'd ask.
2015-03-19T14:33:43  <kmlussier> From Tony: renegotiating the deal will be difficult -- we're negotiating on behalf of three different projects.
2015-03-19T14:33:51  <csharp> +1 to going solo (if that's a feasible option)
2015-03-19T14:34:02  <montgoc1> +1 for solo
2015-03-19T14:34:13  <graced> +1 to solo if the budget will handle it
2015-03-19T14:34:28  <RoganH> I don't like the deal they get compared to our sponsors and feels like it undercuts community members who pay for sponsorships so ....
2015-03-19T14:34:37  <abneiman> yeah +1 for solo as long as it won't impact the budget negatively
2015-03-19T14:34:37  <RoganH> +1 to solo if the budget will handle it as well
2015-03-19T14:34:44  <buzzy> i think the budget will be fine without their sponsorship
2015-03-19T14:34:54  <bbqben> technicality: if solo, whose bank is collecting the $?
2015-03-19T14:35:23  <bbqben> (presumably the current setup points to SFC's account)
2015-03-19T14:35:35  <kmlussier> Yes, it points to SFC's account.
2015-03-19T14:35:50  <buzzy> bbqben: likely, but wouldn't the fee be skimmed off before going to the sfc?
2015-03-19T14:36:19  <kmlussier> buzzy: No, I don't think it does. I believe a monthly bill is sent to them to collect the fees.
2015-03-19T14:36:50  <buzzy> kmlussier: ah, okay. thank you
2015-03-19T14:38:03  <bbqben> seems no one's really opposed to going solo, and I understand from kmlussier that the heavens won't fall if we do
2015-03-19T14:38:36  <bbqben> any further discussion on this before we move on?
2015-03-19T14:39:06  <csharp> bbqben: just that your technical concern needs to be addressed before we assume it's a go, right?
2015-03-19T14:39:14  <kmlussier> Do we need a vote on the budget request re keynote speaker?
2015-03-19T14:39:54  <csharp> (i.e., can eventbrite fees still be run through the SFC if we refuse sponsorship?)
2015-03-19T14:39:59  <bbqben> csharp: I think kmlussier was saying we'd just be levied the fee, but the funds would still go to SFC. So, all's well
2015-03-19T14:40:05  <csharp> ok cool
2015-03-19T14:40:06  <csharp> thanks
2015-03-19T14:40:29  <buzzy> i'm afraid that i have to leave for another meeting in a couple of minutes. do you have any further questions of me?
2015-03-19T14:40:32  * csharp wasn't reading it that way, so glad he was wrong
2015-03-19T14:40:38  <bbqben> kmlussier: IIRC, its a $50 difference on the whole, so no vote required
2015-03-19T14:40:43  <csharp> buzzy++ EG2015++
2015-03-19T14:40:52  <bbqben> buzzy++ let's get that shuttle info on the site and drive reg up!
2015-03-19T14:40:58  <buzzy> yes indeed!
2015-03-19T14:40:59  <montgoc1> buzzy++
2015-03-19T14:40:59  <kmlussier> Oh, was it $50? My math is bad today. Carry on..
2015-03-19T14:41:30  <buzzy> thanks, folks. happy thursday!
2015-03-19T14:41:41  *** buzzy has quit IRC
2015-03-19T14:41:55  <bbqben> kmlussier: its $50 relative the the keynote budget, overall even if the honoraria line item is $500
2015-03-19T14:42:37  * kmlussier nods
2015-03-19T14:42:46  <bbqben> ok, so the other #EG2015 bit is scheduling our In person meeting & arrangements
2015-03-19T14:42:58  <bbqben> otherwise known as ...
2015-03-19T14:43:07  <bbqben> #topic In person meeting @ EG2015 - scheduling / arrangements
2015-03-19T14:44:21  <bbqben> so, we need to meet :) Friday? Saturday am?
2015-03-19T14:44:34  <bshum> Thursday evening.
2015-03-19T14:44:47  <kmlussier> bshum: Do you know when we're on the schedule?
2015-03-19T14:44:49  <bshum> Would be my recommendation for that.
2015-03-19T14:45:04  <bshum> Yes I was just looking at the schedule, and EOB update is Friday morning.
2015-03-19T14:45:21  <bshum> So if we want to meet before that update to the community, then we should do it on Thursday evening.
2015-03-19T14:45:28  <bbqben> bhsum++ Thursday eve works for me; hwo about everyone else?
2015-03-19T14:45:44  <kmlussier> I'll be there
2015-03-19T14:45:44  <RoganH> Sounds good.
2015-03-19T14:45:56  <montgoc1> That's fine.
2015-03-19T14:45:58  <csharp> count me in
2015-03-19T14:46:26  <bbqben> #action EOB will meet in person on Thursday, May 14 @ 1900 Pacific
2015-03-19T14:46:26  <abneiman> OK
2015-03-19T14:46:56  <bbqben> #action secure a meeting space for that time
2015-03-19T14:47:01  <bbqben> ok, moving on
2015-03-19T14:47:22  <bbqben> (but looking forward to seeing you all!)
2015-03-19T14:47:28  <bbqben> #topic Financial Report
2015-03-19T14:47:46  <bbqben> #info http://list.evergreen-ils.org/pipermail/eg-oversight-board/2015-March/000962.html
2015-03-19T14:47:50  <bbqben> bshum++
2015-03-19T14:48:29  <bbqben> any q's about the financials?
2015-03-19T14:49:10  <bbqben> ok, moving on in 10....
2015-03-19T14:49:39  <bbqben> #topic Evergreen 2.8 Release Manager's Report
2015-03-19T14:50:10  * csharp nudges berick awake
2015-03-19T14:51:02  <bbqben> methinks berick has a statnding mtg in this spot
2015-03-19T14:51:07  <csharp> ah
2015-03-19T14:51:31  <bbqben> so, 2.8 is in the wild! anyone have anything to add :)
2015-03-19T14:51:35  <bshum> Well, 2.8.0 RC was released recently.  And 2.8.0 official is coming along soon.
2015-03-19T14:51:44  <csharp> rock on
2015-03-19T14:51:51  <bshum> So before month's end, definitely.
2015-03-19T14:51:51  <bbqben> bshum++ berick++
2015-03-19T14:52:04  <kmlussier> bshum++ berick++
2015-03-19T14:52:24  <bbqben> bhsum: you are a mensch
2015-03-19T14:52:40  <bbqben> #topic 2015 EOB Elections
2015-03-19T14:52:50  <bbqben> #info http://list.evergreen-ils.org/pipermail/eg-oversight-board/2015-March/000958.html
2015-03-19T14:53:33  <bbqben> graced++ abneiman++
2015-03-19T14:53:59  <bbqben> so, a few things here...
2015-03-19T14:54:04  <graced> bbqben++
2015-03-19T14:54:20  <bbqben> First, a draft call for nominations & announcement re: voting registration
2015-03-19T14:54:35  <bbqben> Second, a call for colunteers for the nominations committee
2015-03-19T14:54:52  <bbqben> Third, a recommendation for voting platform / process and timeline
2015-03-19T14:55:18  <bbqben> Fourth, a proposed revision to our rules re: voting platform / method
2015-03-19T14:55:53  <bbqben> and finally, I apparently need a typing assistant...
2015-03-19T14:56:34  <bbqben> with apologies for a multi part message ... q's, comments, concerns?
2015-03-19T14:56:53  <kmlussier> The draft call for nominations looks good.
2015-03-19T14:57:12  <abneiman> graced++ for finding opavote, which I like a lot
2015-03-19T14:58:08  <kmlussier> Are you asking us to choose between SurveyMonkey and opavote?
2015-03-19T14:58:50  <bbqben> kmlussier: no - we're proposing to register voters with surveymonkey, but vote with opavote
2015-03-19T14:59:09  <kmlussier> Ah, sorry. I understood that when I read it an hour ago, but soon forgot.
2015-03-19T14:59:20  <kmlussier> It all looks good to me.
2015-03-19T14:59:32  <bbqben> kmlussier: pas de probleme
2015-03-19T15:01:05  <bbqben> anyone care to volunteer for the nominations committee?
2015-03-19T15:01:43  <RoganH> I'll raise my hand.
2015-03-19T15:01:45  <montgoc1> Sure.  What does it entail?
2015-03-19T15:01:49  * csharp volunteers
2015-03-19T15:01:52  <csharp> heh
2015-03-19T15:02:00  <kmlussier> Looks like a committee!
2015-03-19T15:02:13  <bbqben> RoganH++ montgoc1++ csharp++
2015-03-19T15:02:50  <bbqben> montgoc1: primarily, responding Q&A style to queries from potential nominees/nominators
2015-03-19T15:03:12  <montgoc1> Alrighty.
2015-03-19T15:03:33  <bbqben> re: Proposed changes to existing Rules (2.4e) re: STV - this requires a vote with 2/3 support. Any discussion before we call that?
2015-03-19T15:05:50  <bbqben> ok then...
2015-03-19T15:05:53  <bbqben> #startvote Modify the EOB's Rules, s 2.4(e) as follows: Each year the Board shall undertake the electronic collection and counting of votes for the Board election using a documented voting platform that is widely accessible to the Evergreen community.? Yes, No, Abstain
2015-03-19T15:05:53  <pinesol_green> Begin voting on: Modify the EOB's Rules, s 2.4(e) as follows: Each year the Board shall undertake the electronic collection and counting of votes for the Board election using a documented voting platform that is widely accessible to the Evergreen community.? Valid vote options are Yes, No, Abstain.
2015-03-19T15:05:53  <pinesol_green> Vote using '#vote OPTION'. Only your last vote counts.
2015-03-19T15:06:12  <bshum> #vote Yes
2015-03-19T15:06:13  <csharp> #vote Yes
2015-03-19T15:06:18  <kmlussier> #vote Yes
2015-03-19T15:06:19  <montgoc1> #vote Yes
2015-03-19T15:06:23  <abneiman> #vote yes
2015-03-19T15:06:30  <bbqben> #vote Yes
2015-03-19T15:06:36  <RoganH> #vote Yes
2015-03-19T15:06:45  <graced> #vote yes
2015-03-19T15:07:31  <bbqben> #endvote
2015-03-19T15:07:32  <pinesol_green> Voted on "Modify the EOB's Rules, s 2.4(e) as follows: Each year the Board shall undertake the electronic collection and counting of votes for the Board election using a documented voting platform that is widely accessible to the Evergreen community.?" Results are
2015-03-19T15:07:32  <pinesol_green> Yes (8): kmlussier, abneiman, bbqben, graced, RoganH, montgoc1, csharp, bshum
2015-03-19T15:07:38  <bbqben> thanks all!
2015-03-19T15:07:49  <csharp> bbqben++ graced++ abneiman++
2015-03-19T15:08:01  <kmlussier> bbqben++ graced++ abneiman++
2015-03-19T15:08:10  <bbqben> #action graced abneiman bbqben to coordinate opavote setup and finalization of call for nominations / get the vote out etc
2015-03-19T15:08:24  <bshum> bbqben: I can help amend the entry in the git repo for EOB.  I'll check with gmcharlt on how that works.
2015-03-19T15:08:36  <bbqben> how are we all doing - push through despite the time?
2015-03-19T15:08:42  <bbqben> bshum: awesome
2015-03-19T15:08:50  <csharp> bbqben: let's do this!
2015-03-19T15:08:52  <kmlussier> I'm not going anywhere
2015-03-19T15:09:06  <abneiman> onward
2015-03-19T15:09:07  <graced> I'm okay for 10 more minutes
2015-03-19T15:09:17  <montgoc1> I'm good.
2015-03-19T15:09:22  <bbqben> ok...
2015-03-19T15:09:26  <bbqben> #topic Public Relations Proposal
2015-03-19T15:09:31  <bbqben> kmlussier: over to you
2015-03-19T15:09:55  <kmlussier> #link http://list.evergreen-ils.org/pipermail/eg-oversight-board/2015-March/000964.html
2015-03-19T15:10:24  <kmlussier> I've refined the proposal, added the trial period, and provided a ballpark on costs.
2015-03-19T15:10:35  <kmlussier> With graced's help, of course.
2015-03-19T15:10:52  <RoganH> agreed
2015-03-19T15:11:15  <kmlussier> The one thing I was unsuccessful in was getting some info from the Conservancy on doing some targeted fundraising around this. I'll reach out again tomorrow once I'm done with some local meetings.
2015-03-19T15:11:33  <kmlussier> But I guess we would need a vote to establish the committee and maybe another one for the budget to exhibit at ALA?
2015-03-19T15:12:34  <kmlussier> That is, if it looks okay to everyone.
2015-03-19T15:14:03  <RoganH> +1
2015-03-19T15:14:23  <RoganH> By the way, we're having network issues, sorry for laggy responses.
2015-03-19T15:14:53  <bbqben> kmlussier++
2015-03-19T15:15:21  <bbqben> proposal looks good, and again - kudos to the MassLNC partners
2015-03-19T15:16:19  <graced> kmlussier++
2015-03-19T15:18:15  <bbqben> Looks like we need a vote to establish an ALA exhibit budget. Any discussion before we do?
2015-03-19T15:20:39  <bbqben> #startvote Establish a budget line item for PR at ALA in the amount $5000 per knlussier proposal? Yes, No, Abstain
2015-03-19T15:20:39  <pinesol_green> Begin voting on: Establish a budget line item for PR at ALA in the amount $5000 per knlussier proposal? Valid vote options are Yes, No, Abstain.
2015-03-19T15:20:39  <pinesol_green> Vote using '#vote OPTION'. Only your last vote counts.
2015-03-19T15:20:40  *** sarabee has quit IRC
2015-03-19T15:20:52  <bshum> #vote Yes
2015-03-19T15:20:54  <graced> #vote Yes
2015-03-19T15:20:55  <montgoc1> #vote Yes
2015-03-19T15:20:56  <bbqben> #vote Yes
2015-03-19T15:20:59  <abneiman> #vote yes
2015-03-19T15:21:04  <RoganH> #vote yes
2015-03-19T15:21:23  <kmlussier> #vote Yes
2015-03-19T15:21:30  <bbqben> #endvote
2015-03-19T15:21:30  <pinesol_green> Voted on "Establish a budget line item for PR at ALA in the amount $5000 per knlussier proposal?" Results are
2015-03-19T15:21:30  <pinesol_green> Yes (7): kmlussier, abneiman, bbqben, graced, RoganH, montgoc1, bshum
2015-03-19T15:22:07  <bbqben> thanks, and we're ok with kmlussier soliciting membership for the committee?
2015-03-19T15:22:55  <bbqben> kmlussier: let's interpret the silence as a resounding yes :)
2015-03-19T15:23:00  <montgoc1> +1
2015-03-19T15:23:03  <csharp> sorry - stepped away - I was gonna vote yes
2015-03-19T15:23:05  <abneiman> +1
2015-03-19T15:23:12  <csharp> +1
2015-03-19T15:23:21  <graced> +1
2015-03-19T15:23:23  <RoganH> +1
2015-03-19T15:24:03  <bbqben> thanks all. #action kmlussier: yet another awesome call for community interest re: PR committee
2015-03-19T15:24:15  <bbqben> I'm going to suggest we table one piece of new business (will bring to the list) and call this a meeting
2015-03-19T15:24:18  * graced has to run - sorry!
2015-03-19T15:24:26  <bbqben> graced++
2015-03-19T15:24:49  <bbqben> we meet again 16.04.15 same bat time, same bat place. adios all - thanks for your time today
2015-03-19T15:24:54  <bbqben> #endmeeting
2015-03-19T15:24:54  <pinesol_green> Meeting ended Thu Mar 19 15:24:54 2015 US/Eastern.  Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot . (v 0.1.4)
2015-03-19T15:24:54  <pinesol_green> Minutes:        http://evergreen-ils.org/meetings/evergreen/2015/evergreen.2015-03-19-14.01.html
2015-03-19T15:24:54  <pinesol_green> Minutes (text): http://evergreen-ils.org/meetings/evergreen/2015/evergreen.2015-03-19-14.01.txt
2015-03-19T15:24:54  <pinesol_green> Log:            http://evergreen-ils.org/meetings/evergreen/2015/evergreen.2015-03-19-14.01.log.html
2015-03-19T15:24:58  <kmlussier> bbqben++
2015-03-19T15:25:02  <montgoc1> bbqben++
2015-03-19T15:25:07  <abneiman> bbqben++
2015-03-19T15:25:41  <bshum> bbqben++
2015-03-19T15:26:26  <bbqben> all y'all++
2015-03-19T15:27:33  *** krvmga has quit IRC
2015-03-19T15:28:29  *** RoganH has quit IRC
2015-03-19T15:28:31  *** afterl has joined #evergreen
2015-03-19T15:30:11  <csharp> bbqben++
2015-03-19T15:32:29  *** sarabee has joined #evergreen
2015-03-19T15:34:57  *** frank___ has joined #evergreen
2015-03-19T15:38:39  <frank___> Hi all, Id want to know if someone know why if I check the last few circulations for a copy the result said that the due date is "Due date: 3/26/15 10:59" but in database the same id register due_date=2015-03-26 23:59:59-05
2015-03-19T15:39:13  <Dyrcona> frank___: Daylist savings time or timezone mismatch.
2015-03-19T15:39:14  *** jihpringle has joined #evergreen
2015-03-19T15:39:19  <Dyrcona> Daylight...
2015-03-19T15:40:46  <frank___> where should I check that?
2015-03-19T15:42:19  <csharp> frank___: just doing 'date' on each server should tell you what time it thinks it is
2015-03-19T15:42:22  <Dyrcona> frank___: Your desktop, the server. The database looks like it is on America/New_York.
2015-03-19T15:42:48  <Dyrcona> -05 is the current offset from UTC in that time zone.
2015-03-19T15:43:02  <Dyrcona> Could be you need to change the time zone on your server.
2015-03-19T15:43:07  <Dyrcona> database server, I mean.
2015-03-19T15:43:49  <Dyrcona> Unless, you're in the next time zone over and haven't done DST, yet.....
2015-03-19T15:43:59  <Dyrcona> Gotta love time.
2015-03-19T15:44:17  <bshum> Seems like it'd be on the client's point of view.
2015-03-19T15:44:19  <Dyrcona> Doh! I'm stupid.
2015-03-19T15:44:28  <Dyrcona> -04 is the current offset.
2015-03-19T15:44:37  <Dyrcona> for America/New_York.
2015-03-19T15:44:41  <csharp> date +%z and date +%Z will work too
2015-03-19T15:44:50  * Dyrcona goes back to spending money on servers.
2015-03-19T15:45:05  <kmlussier> We should just get rid of daylight savings time and make life easier for everyone.
2015-03-19T15:45:11  <jonadab> Right, -4 is currently Eastern Daylight.
2015-03-19T15:45:48  <jonadab> kmlussier: Well, it /would/ be possible for all dates in the database to be in GMT, and have the client convert them for display purposes only...
2015-03-19T15:45:57  <csharp> bshum: yeah, prolly a client machine that isn't configured to care about DST
2015-03-19T15:46:20  <csharp> eww
2015-03-19T15:46:26  <jonadab> ... doing that conversion could be painful, though.
2015-03-19T15:46:28  <csharp> (to jonadab's suggestion)
2015-03-19T15:46:29  <kmlussier> jonadab: Yeah, well, my gripes with DST go beyond technology. :)
2015-03-19T15:46:33  <jeff> hrm. anyone done partial pg_restores with an evergreen database, from the perspective of "restore data for tables in this schema" then at some later point "restore data for tables in this other schema"?
2015-03-19T15:46:37  <jonadab> kmlussier: Fair.
2015-03-19T15:46:56  <jeff> not sure i even want to do that right now, but I'm mostly wondering if inter-schema FK/constraints/triggers will complicate things.
2015-03-19T15:47:03  <jeff> i suspect the answer to be "yes"
2015-03-19T15:47:06  <jonadab> (I don't mean converting for display would be painful.  I mean converting the database schema to GMT would be painful.)
2015-03-19T15:47:20  <csharp> jeff: yeah, I've tried to restore just the action schema, for instance - it's ugly ;-)
2015-03-19T15:47:22  <frank___> CDT=-0500, so I just have to change the time zone to Mexico city right?
2015-03-19T15:47:54  <bshum> bbqben: The governance page has been updated accordingly.
2015-03-19T15:48:00  <jeff> csharp: thanks. my usual (other than stripping _replication bits from slony) on a restore is to omit table data and sequences for the auditor schema, but going beyond that will probably get complex fast.
2015-03-19T15:48:11  <bbqben> bshum: thanks!
2015-03-19T15:48:21  <csharp> jeff: yep, that's my experience
2015-03-19T15:48:32  <jeff> csharp++ thanks for the confirmation
2015-03-19T15:48:37  <jonadab> frank___: The main thing is that the time zone setting on the server and the time zone settings on the client workstations should match -- ideally.
2015-03-19T15:48:55  <bshum> Thing is, even if they match
2015-03-19T15:48:56  <jonadab> (Though I don't know what happens when a library system spans timezones...)
2015-03-19T15:49:02  <bshum> If the circ happened in -05
2015-03-19T15:49:06  <bshum> It's recorded as such
2015-03-19T15:49:08  <jeff> jonadab: it's not great. sitka has to deal with that.
2015-03-19T15:49:13  <bshum> And then displays as -04, which would be off by an hour
2015-03-19T15:50:06  *** montgoc1 has quit IRC
2015-03-19T15:54:01  <jeff> pg_restore: restoring data for table "record_entry"
2015-03-19T15:56:49  <Dyrcona> frank___: Yes, you should set the timezone by the major city in your timezone. That is the preferred method.
2015-03-19T15:57:14  <Dyrcona> And, the country, 'cause DST is different.
2015-03-19T16:01:55  <kmlussier> jonadab: I think this is what happens when a library system spans timezones - https://bugs.launchpad.net/evergreen/+bug/1074195
2015-03-19T16:01:55  <pinesol_green> Launchpad bug 1074195 in Evergreen "due dates rolled past midnight in local time zone" (affected: 2, heat: 12) [Undecided,Confirmed]
2015-03-19T16:03:02  <jonadab> Oh, ick.
2015-03-19T16:03:15  <jonadab> Could be worse, I suppose:  somebody could have a library spanning the date line.
2015-03-19T16:03:38  <jonadab> Although, the rolling-to-midnight thing almost does that.
2015-03-19T16:05:02  <Dyrcona> The database uses timestamp with timezone for those fields.
2015-03-19T16:05:47  <Dyrcona> Dates and times are so much fun from a programming stand point, plus all of the different calendars.
2015-03-19T16:06:14  <Dyrcona> And, don't get me started on first day of the week.....
2015-03-19T16:12:49  <eeevil> just a head's up, I'm /currently/ working on the TZ issue :)
2015-03-19T16:17:03  *** afterl has left #evergreen
2015-03-19T16:20:42  <kmlussier> eeevil++
2015-03-19T16:20:57  <kmlussier> I knew that when I shared the link to the bug, but I didn't know if it was a sure thing yet. :)
2015-03-19T16:25:37  *** collum has quit IRC
2015-03-19T16:27:08  *** bbqben has quit IRC
2015-03-19T16:28:18  *** maryj has quit IRC
2015-03-19T16:29:20  *** rjackson_isl has quit IRC
2015-03-19T16:35:41  *** bbqben has joined #evergreen
2015-03-19T16:39:46  *** jboyer-isl has quit IRC
2015-03-19T16:42:06  *** abneiman has quit IRC
2015-03-19T17:00:04  <pinesol_green> Incoming from qatests: Test Success - http://testing.evergreen-ils.org/~live/test.html <http://testing.evergreen-ils.org/~live/test.html>
2015-03-19T17:08:22  *** Dyrcona has quit IRC
2015-03-19T17:14:09  *** graced has quit IRC
2015-03-19T17:18:12  *** ericar has quit IRC
2015-03-19T17:23:17  *** bmills has quit IRC
2015-03-19T17:23:31  *** mmorgan has quit IRC
2015-03-19T17:26:23  *** bmills has joined #evergreen
2015-03-19T17:31:37  *** Shae has quit IRC
2015-03-19T18:13:03  *** RBecker has quit IRC
2015-03-19T18:18:50  *** RBecker has joined #evergreen
2015-03-19T18:34:18  *** bmills has quit IRC
2015-03-19T18:36:47  *** bmills has joined #evergreen
2015-03-19T18:46:30  *** bbqben has quit IRC
2015-03-19T18:59:07  *** bmills has quit IRC
2015-03-19T18:59:24  *** bmills has joined #evergreen
2015-03-19T19:01:25  *** vlewis has quit IRC
2015-03-19T19:01:26  *** vlewis_ has quit IRC
2015-03-19T19:14:54  *** bmills1 has joined #evergreen
2015-03-19T19:14:55  *** bmills has quit IRC
2015-03-19T19:29:31  *** bbqben has joined #evergreen
2015-03-19T19:38:47  *** mglass has quit IRC
2015-03-19T20:01:22  *** jwoodard has quit IRC
2015-03-19T20:26:47  *** jammin has joined #evergreen
2015-03-19T20:29:16  <jammin> anybody know where in the database to find the most recent patron to check out an item?  there's action.circ of course, but I'm positive I saw a "most recent transactions" field somewhere, just can't remember where, or find it in the schema
2015-03-19T20:33:36  <berick> action.circulation order by xact_start desc lmit 1
2015-03-19T20:35:04  <berick> where parent_circ is null  -- if you don't want renewals
2015-03-19T20:35:22  <jammin> thanks, yes could get it along those lines... that could get interesting to do for a whole bunch of items
2015-03-19T20:35:29  *** bbqben has quit IRC
2015-03-19T20:36:16  <jammin> I need to come up with a report on "count of items lost by patron profile, per library"
2015-03-19T20:37:04  <jammin> count of items lost per library (total, or within time range, or whatever) is no prob
2015-03-19T20:38:23  <jammin> But I have to group by patron profile... which (I think) means chasing down the most recent checkout for each one for the join.  Eek.
2015-03-19T20:40:45  <jammin> I thought I saw a table somewhere that had a field with item id, and another with a list of three transaction ids... looked like where the client gets the "recent checkouts" from.  Was thinking I could use that... if I could only find it again.
2015-03-19T20:41:14  <jammin> ...and I have to bail, will have to check in later, thanks!
2015-03-19T20:41:21  <jammin> \q
2015-03-19T20:41:34  <jammin> lol, wrong window. :)
2015-03-19T20:41:42  *** jammin has quit IRC
2015-03-19T20:44:30  *** sandbergja has quit IRC
2015-03-19T20:46:22  *** sarabee has quit IRC
2015-03-19T20:50:10  *** sarabee has joined #evergreen
2015-03-19T21:30:23  *** akilsdonk has quit IRC
2015-03-19T21:33:44  *** sarabee has quit IRC
2015-03-19T21:36:57  *** sarabee has joined #evergreen
2015-03-19T21:38:22  *** jihpringle has quit IRC
2015-03-19T22:14:10  *** bbqben has joined #evergreen
2015-03-19T22:43:54  *** sarabee has quit IRC
2015-03-19T22:47:33  *** sarabee has joined #evergreen
2015-03-19T23:43:39  *** sarabee has quit IRC
2015-03-19T23:46:57  *** bmills1 has quit IRC
2015-03-19T23:47:41  *** sarabee has joined #evergreen
