2015-04-23T01:02:00  *** DPearl has quit IRC
2015-04-23T01:04:53  *** DPearl has joined #evergreen
2015-04-23T04:14:09  <kmlussier> jonadab: Well, there is the Douglas county model for purchasing ebooks - http://douglascountylibraries.org/content/ebooks-and-DCL
2015-04-23T04:53:40  <pinesol_green> Incoming from qatests: Test Success - http://testing.evergreen-ils.org/~live/test.html <http://testing.evergreen-ils.org/~live/test.html>
2015-04-23T07:35:15  *** pmurray_away is now known as pmurray
2015-04-23T07:35:46  *** rjackson_isl has joined #evergreen
2015-04-23T07:45:59  *** graced has joined #evergreen
2015-04-23T07:50:44  *** mrpeters has joined #evergreen
2015-04-23T07:51:36  *** graced is now known as gdunbar
2015-04-23T07:51:39  *** gdunbar is now known as graced
2015-04-23T07:58:23  <csharp> kmlussier: thanks for sharing that.  I love that they took that stand.
2015-04-23T07:59:28  * csharp is curious about how other EG libraries are dealing with ebooks logistically
2015-04-23T07:59:59  <csharp> there's been a long-standing impasse here about whether we are to batchload in ebook MARC records
2015-04-23T08:00:22  <csharp> most of the issue is that they are non-OCLC records and we're a single-bib-source shop
2015-04-23T08:01:32  <csharp> but I wonder how we would deal with the fact that the ebook providers are constantly changing who has access to what - specifically, do sys admins just constantly add and delete bibs at the same rate they are provided by the ebook vendor?
2015-04-23T08:02:18  <csharp> also, we have several ebook providers throughout the consortium with different policies
2015-04-23T08:02:51  <csharp> anyway, just musing aloud here because it's something we're discussing internally
2015-04-23T08:03:28  *** jboyer-isl has joined #evergreen
2015-04-23T08:03:48  <csharp> my pie-in-the-sky hope is that we could tie into the ebook providers' APIs (assuming they exist) so that we can load ebook results alongside other catalog results without them actually being in EG
2015-04-23T08:04:00  <csharp> @monologue
2015-04-23T08:04:00  <pinesol_green> csharp: Your current monologue is at least 9 lines long.
2015-04-23T08:10:05  <csharp> huh - I just had the idea to have a "catalog tips" widget with random/rotating ideas about searching (customizable via TT2, maybe?)
2015-04-23T08:10:46  <csharp> "Did you know that e-books are available via GALILEO?  Learn more (link)"
2015-04-23T08:11:07  <csharp> dunno if that would seem too spammy/corporate
2015-04-23T08:15:27  *** collum has joined #evergreen
2015-04-23T08:25:21  *** akilsdonk has joined #evergreen
2015-04-23T08:26:45  <kmlussier> csharp: I know C/W MARS and NOBLE have different workflows for loading their ebook records. If you send that question to the list, I'm guessing they'll send a response.
2015-04-23T08:27:40  <kmlussier> They both have academics, so getting those ebook records in the catalog is an important service for their libraries.
2015-04-23T08:27:56  <csharp> kmlussier: thanks - I'll consider that... it's kind of a sensitive issue around here right now, so I need to check around here before asking
2015-04-23T08:32:59  *** mmorgan has joined #evergreen
2015-04-23T08:35:44  *** remingtron has quit IRC
2015-04-23T08:36:30  *** Dyrcona has joined #evergreen
2015-04-23T08:41:12  *** remingtron has joined #evergreen
2015-04-23T08:46:24  *** Shae has joined #evergreen
2015-04-23T08:53:06  *** Newziky has joined #evergreen
2015-04-23T08:53:24  *** jwoodard has joined #evergreen
2015-04-23T09:07:15  *** maryj has joined #evergreen
2015-04-23T09:12:23  *** neopsyche has quit IRC
2015-04-23T09:35:42  *** DPearl has left #evergreen
2015-04-23T09:41:22  *** yboston has joined #evergreen
2015-04-23T09:58:18  *** mllewellyn has joined #evergreen
2015-04-23T10:01:45  *** montgoc1 has joined #evergreen
2015-04-23T10:28:40  <dbs> csharp: we tend not to load records for constantly-changing ebook providers. Then again, we try not to purchase subscriptions for content we don't have control over.
2015-04-23T10:29:11  <dbs> Nothing pisses off our faculty and students more than an ebook that's there one day (say, when the faculty member prescribes a reading at the start of the academic year)
2015-04-23T10:29:22  <dbs> and gone the next (say, when the student goes to actually read it)
2015-04-23T10:29:46  <dbs> Otherwise, we load records for any ebooks to which we've purchased permanent access.
2015-04-23T10:52:34  *** Newziky has left #evergreen
2015-04-23T11:04:38  <eeevil> csharp: so, your "tips" idea existed from day 1, but was tossed out with the TPAC
2015-04-23T11:06:14  <eeevil> and I wrote a federated search prototype in the long long ago ... all client side JS+xslt, with a proxy shim on the server to get around cross-site XHR restrictions
2015-04-23T11:06:36  <eeevil> I think the code's in the evergreen repo...
2015-04-23T11:07:53  <eeevil> csharp: and, the original use case for bib source is to easily segregate records coming from different places, so you could purge ebook records easily at update time, for instance
2015-04-23T11:16:48  <jeffdavis> hmm, that reminds me to have a look at bug 1178377 ...
2015-04-23T11:16:48  <pinesol_green> Launchpad bug 1178377 in Evergreen "Expose bib source in TPAC" (affected: 2, heat: 10) [Wishlist,Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1178377
2015-04-23T11:23:11  <jeffdavis> All the pieces are there but the latest branch is based on 2.4.  Let me see if I can apply those changes to master.
2015-04-23T11:33:41  *** bmills1 has joined #evergreen
2015-04-23T11:51:56  *** akilsdonk has quit IRC
2015-04-23T11:52:38  *** dMiller_ has joined #evergreen
2015-04-23T12:01:07  <jeffdavis> ok, now there's a branch that can be pulled into master, bug has been updated
2015-04-23T12:05:29  *** gsams has quit IRC
2015-04-23T12:05:38  <csharp> dbs: that sounds like a sound policy
2015-04-23T12:05:42  <csharp> I'll suggest that here
2015-04-23T12:06:43  *** gsams has joined #evergreen
2015-04-23T12:06:43  <jeff> jeffdavis++
2015-04-23T12:07:13  <csharp> eeevil: interesting about the "tips" idea; excellent about bib source
2015-04-23T12:07:34  <csharp> I was just musing about "huh, I wonder if there's some way we could mark the ebook records...."
2015-04-23T12:09:10  <Dyrcona> We use bib sources for our Overdrive and Safari Books Online records.
2015-04-23T12:09:27  <Dyrcona> Other ebook providers have not really made it into the database, yet.
2015-04-23T12:30:52  <csharp> so to resume a thread from a number of weeks ago, we're seriously considering OSTicket as our Helpdesk software - anyone else using that?
2015-04-23T12:31:49  <csharp> we're evaluating RT as well, but so far setup is pretty non-intuitive and all the "user" docs read like Linux man pages
2015-04-23T12:32:12  <csharp> "setup" = "configuration within the UI", btw
2015-04-23T12:32:15  <tsbere> We use RT by choice of our members.
2015-04-23T12:32:47  * tsbere can help with setting RT up as a result
2015-04-23T12:32:56  <csharp> tsbere: that's nice to know
2015-04-23T12:33:41  <csharp> well, one of the selling points on our end for RT is that it's in use by other EG sites, which might lead to some EG/RT integration ideas in the future?
2015-04-23T12:33:41  *** bmills1 has quit IRC
2015-04-23T12:34:23  <csharp> one of the originally envisioned features of Evergreen was helpdesk integration, but it didn't get very far
2015-04-23T12:38:01  <bshum> You know, speaking of bib sources...
2015-04-23T12:38:14  <bshum> Anyone got a test server with 2.8/master around and can test something for me
2015-04-23T12:38:36  <bshum> So I got a report from our staff that loading bibs is causing the bib source to change to the latest source on merges.
2015-04-23T12:38:56  <bshum> Instead of staying at the original source.
2015-04-23T12:39:11  <bshum> During match-only merge.
2015-04-23T12:39:47  <bshum> I'm getting into it shortly, but curious to see if I can verify that it's not just our systems.
2015-04-23T12:39:51  <Dyrcona> I could test it, but I'm too busy to do that today.
2015-04-23T12:47:48  *** bmills1 has joined #evergreen
2015-04-23T12:54:48  *** sandbergja has joined #evergreen
2015-04-23T13:13:33  <bshum> Aha
2015-04-23T13:13:33  <bshum> http://git.evergreen-ils.org/?p=Evergreen.git;a=commit;h=62510da3171c54bfeb2b34478c4e4a6c2c05acb1
2015-04-23T13:13:33  <pinesol_green> [evergreen|Remington Steed] LP#957466: Update editor/edit_date/source on overlay - <http://git.evergreen-ils.org/?p=Evergreen.git;a=commit;h=62510da>
2015-04-23T13:14:49  * mmorgan was going to point bshum to lp 957466
2015-04-23T13:14:49  <pinesol_green> Launchpad bug 957466 in Evergreen "overlaying a record from vandelay does not update editor/edit_date" (affected: 7, heat: 34) [Medium,Fix released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/957466
2015-04-23T13:15:07  <bshum> Well, apparently having the source updated is highly undesirable for our current cataloging workflows.
2015-04-23T13:15:25  <kmlussier> I'm guessing the bib record edit date is updated too?
2015-04-23T13:15:43  <bshum> Probably
2015-04-23T13:16:17  <mllewellyn> I like the edit date update
2015-04-23T13:16:25  <mllewellyn> just want control over the bib source update
2015-04-23T13:17:49  <mllewellyn> we have acq vendor records labeled with a different bib source, and when they match, they're changing our OCLC bib source
2015-04-23T13:18:26  <mllewellyn> I use that source to identify records I need to overlay to full OCLC records
2015-04-23T13:20:16  <bshum> So I think I see the part in the vandelay database function that changes the source.  For the short term, mllewellyn, I think I can safely rip it out of our database.
2015-04-23T13:20:29  <bshum> But long-term, it sounds like we should file a bug to make this some sort of setting controlled option.
2015-04-23T13:21:00  <mllewellyn> like a bib source hierarchy
2015-04-23T13:24:22  <Dyrcona> The bib source change was intended to make records get the bib source selected in the vandelay import because we had fresh records loading (not overlay records) and getting a null bib source.
2015-04-23T13:24:57  <Dyrcona> The branch was evaluated on that basis, and overlay was not on my radar in the testing that I did.
2015-04-23T13:26:47  <bshum> I could see avoiding that being helpful.
2015-04-23T13:27:36  * bshum rips it out for now so that mllewellyn's work isn't disrupted.
2015-04-23T13:27:47  <bshum> I'll file a new bug on the subject in a bit.
2015-04-23T13:28:33  <kmlussier> mllewellyn: I was thinking the edit date update was only useful if you were actually updating the bib record. With a match-only merge, it seems like the date should stay the same.
2015-04-23T13:29:02  <kmlussier> BTW, bshum, welcome back!
2015-04-23T13:29:28  <bshum> kmlussier: Thanks!  Sadly I did not actually get to merge anything new while I was abroad :(
2015-04-23T13:30:51  <mllewellyn> kmlussier: in this case, it was helpful to find those bibs with the changed source to narrow down what was going on
2015-04-23T13:31:58  <Dyrcona> Given that this all happens in a database trigger, I believe the amount of information available for it to determine what to do is limited.
2015-04-23T13:32:21  <bshum> Indeed.
2015-04-23T13:32:28  <Dyrcona> It would need more arguments or a new implementation to be smarter.
2015-04-23T13:34:45  <bshum> I was wondering about that too
2015-04-23T13:34:51  <bshum> How best to implement some sort of toggle
2015-04-23T13:35:10  <bshum> But it seems annoying to check that every time.
2015-04-23T13:35:30  <bshum> I'll have to ponder that more later... next fire.
2015-04-23T13:36:39  <kmlussier> A sticky toggle might be useful
2015-04-23T13:42:05  <kmlussier> I'm not able to log into webby today. Does webby need a kick or is it just happening to me?
2015-04-23T13:42:33  *** akilsdonk has joined #evergreen
2015-04-23T13:58:16  <Dyrcona> Dunno, but amazingly enough, I've not had a problem with the wifi yet.
2015-04-23T13:58:40  <bshum> And................
2015-04-23T13:58:45  <bshum> Nope, still there.
2015-04-23T13:59:01  <bshum> You dare the fates to conspire against you Dyrcona.  Beware their wrath.
2015-04-23T13:59:21  <Dyrcona> heh
2015-04-23T14:03:12  <bshum> csharp: I changed the milestones on https://bugs.launchpad.net/evergreen/+bug/1446860 so that it targets all the current round of maintenance release milestones.
2015-04-23T14:03:13  <pinesol_green> Launchpad bug 1446860 in Evergreen "staff users can edit their own accounts" (affected: 2, heat: 10) [High,Confirmed] - Assigned to Chris Sharp (chrissharp123)
2015-04-23T14:03:18  <bshum> I figure that the fix should be applied everywhere.
2015-04-23T14:03:31  <bshum> I'll review it in a bit and get it pushed along.
2015-04-23T14:09:56  <bshum> mllewellyn: I filed https://bugs.launchpad.net/evergreen/+bug/1447746 to make sure I didn't forget it.
2015-04-23T14:09:56  <pinesol_green> Launchpad bug 1447746 in Evergreen "Do not update bib source on match-only merge" (affected: 1, heat: 6) [Undecided,New]
2015-04-23T14:10:59  <kmlussier> berick (or anyone else who knows the answer): I've seen instructions to install hatch on linux and on windows. Will it also work on macs?
2015-04-23T14:11:34  <jeff> it is intended to, but I've not been able to test that becase of my ancient version of OS X.
2015-04-23T14:12:00  <kmlussier> jeff: OK, thank you!
2015-04-23T14:15:30  <mllewellyn> bshum: thank you
2015-04-23T14:15:42  <bshum> mllewellyn++ # getting the word out
2015-04-23T14:17:23  <berick> kmlussier: yes, i have gotten it to work on a mac before.
2015-04-23T14:17:54  <kmlussier> berick: Great! Thank you!
2015-04-23T14:21:57  <jeff> Question: Where is 905$u use common?
2015-04-23T14:22:01  <jeff> (perhaps not a simple question)
2015-04-23T14:24:51  <jeff> oh, we appear to have maintained 905$u on a handful of records.
2015-04-23T14:26:36  <csharp> bshum: great - thanks.  I don't appear to have access to add more than one version to target.
2015-04-23T14:27:17  <bshum> csharp: Easy enough to grant you
2015-04-23T14:27:33  <bshum> Do you want the power?  (with great power comes great responsibility)
2015-04-23T14:28:51  <bshum> csharp: The group you want is https://launchpad.net/~evergreen-drivers
2015-04-23T14:29:02  <bshum> If you apply to join that, then you can have series targeting powers.
2015-04-23T14:32:31  <csharp> <he_man>I HAVE THE POWER!!!</he_man>
2015-04-23T14:34:38  <bshum> And done.
2015-04-23T14:35:51  <jeff> Okay, so while commit 7a39120 has been around since 2010, it wasn't until recently that we started seeing evergreen maintain 905$u
2015-04-23T14:35:51  <pinesol_green> [evergreen|miker] support 905u (editor by barcode or usrname) in vandelay overlay/merge rules - <http://git.evergreen-ils.org/?p=Evergreen.git;a=commit;h=7a39120>
2015-04-23T14:39:38  <jeff> looks like 905$u is now being set for any records that we're bringing in via vandelay.
2015-04-23T14:44:13  *** dMiller_ has quit IRC
2015-04-23T15:02:54  *** bmills1 has quit IRC
2015-04-23T15:04:39  * csharp looks around for a dev meeting...
2015-04-23T15:05:21  <csharp> bshum++ # thanks
2015-04-23T15:07:52  * jeffdavis is also here for the dev meeting
2015-04-23T15:10:30  * jeffdavis should learn how to facilitate meetings in IRC
2015-04-23T15:11:32  * kmlussier can't run a meeting today.
2015-04-23T15:11:37  <jeff> jeffdavis: no time like the present? http://wiki.evergreen-ils.org/doku.php?id=community:using-meetbot
2015-04-23T15:12:03  * berick finally arrives
2015-04-23T15:12:07  * dbs kicks visitor out of office
2015-04-23T15:13:07  <dbwells> #startmeeting Development Meeting, 23 April 2015
2015-04-23T15:13:07  <pinesol_green> Meeting started Thu Apr 23 15:13:07 2015 US/Eastern.  The chair is dbwells. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
2015-04-23T15:13:07  <pinesol_green> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
2015-04-23T15:13:07  <pinesol_green> The meeting name has been set to 'development_meeting__23_april_2015'
2015-04-23T15:13:34  <berick> dbwells++
2015-04-23T15:13:39  <dbwells> #info Agenda is http://evergreen-ils.org/dokuwiki/doku.php?id=dev:meetings:2015-04-23
2015-04-23T15:13:46  <dbwells> #topic Introductions
2015-04-23T15:14:06  <dbwells> #info dbwells = Dan Wells, Hekman Library (Calvin College)
2015-04-23T15:14:14  <remingtron> #info remingtron = Remington Steed, Hekman Library (Calvin College)
2015-04-23T15:14:19  <jeffdavis> #info jeffdavis = Jeff Davis, Sitka
2015-04-23T15:14:23  <berick> #info berick Bill Erickson
2015-04-23T15:14:28  <kmlussier> #info kmlussier is Kathy Lussier, MassLNC
2015-04-23T15:14:36  <csharp> #info csharp = Chris Sharp, GPLS
2015-04-23T15:14:39  <berick> oops, forgot to add KCLS
2015-04-23T15:14:54  <csharp> #info berick is with KCLS, y'all
2015-04-23T15:15:08  <dbs> #info dbs = Dan Scott, Laurentian University
2015-04-23T15:15:12  <jeff> #info jeff = Jeff Godin, Traverse Area District Library (TADL)
2015-04-23T15:15:16  <phasefx> #info phasefx = Jason Etheridge, Equinox
2015-04-23T15:15:17  <berick> heh
2015-04-23T15:15:27  <bshum> #info bshum = Ben Shum, Bibliomation
2015-04-23T15:16:25  <dbwells> ok
2015-04-23T15:16:36  <dbwells> #topic Action Items from Last Meeting
2015-04-23T15:16:51  <dbwells> #info berick, gmcharlt, and eeevil will add a response to the chromium localhost ws bug
2015-04-23T15:17:02  <berick> yeah, they shut everyone out
2015-04-23T15:17:22  <eeevil> #info eeevil Mike Rylander, ESI
2015-04-23T15:17:25  <gmcharlt> #info gmcharlt Galen Charlton, ESI
2015-04-23T15:17:44  <dbwells> berick: What exactly does that mean for our concerns?
2015-04-23T15:18:04  <dbwells> We're out of luck, or something else?
2015-04-23T15:18:09  <berick> that we have limited (no?) ability to affect change
2015-04-23T15:18:13  <jeff> https://code.google.com/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=378566#c77 is the best summary.
2015-04-23T15:18:14  <eeevil> dbwells: honestly, not much, given https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=9210484
2015-04-23T15:18:22  <dbs> "Star the bug and maybe we'll think about it"
2015-04-23T15:18:27  <eeevil> IMO, I should say
2015-04-23T15:18:52  <jeff> > we will not be making action to block these loads until there is a viable, standards-track (although perhaps not necessarily yet standardized) solution that enhances security and preserves utility
2015-04-23T15:18:58  <jeff> > If you currently rely on such communication, you MUST be prepared to update your products at a point in the future to whatever is developed to mitigate these issues. The current solution IS NOT viable long-term.
2015-04-23T15:20:05  <jeff> The sentence before that is a bit annoying:
2015-04-23T15:20:07  <jeff> > Discussion about what a viable long-term path means will happen in the W3C. The most likely place for this discussion is where it was first considered - public-webappsec@. However, public-webappsec@ is presently not chartered for this discussion.
2015-04-23T15:20:29  <jeff> essentially, "the list where we think this discussion belongs is not currently charted for this discussion"
2015-04-23T15:21:11  <dbwells> Does someone want to summarize an update with a #info tag?  I'm not qualified to comment on this at all, I think.
2015-04-23T15:21:25  <berick> so when this discussion, which has no place to exist, happens, we can potentially contribute.
2015-04-23T15:22:10  <dbwells> Ok, I'm starting to understand the situation now
2015-04-23T15:22:16  <berick> jeff: where are you reading that?
2015-04-23T15:22:17  <jeff> There were some alternate approaches brainstormed in Boston (useful for cases where you're not able to run Hatch but still want receipt printing) which could bear further brainstorming. For the most part, we're in a "wait and see, remain aware, star the issue and keep our ears/eyes open" mode.
2015-04-23T15:22:31  <berick> right
2015-04-23T15:22:50  <jeff> berick: mostly from comment 77 on the issue in question -- I linked above: https://code.google.com/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=378566#c77
2015-04-23T15:23:04  <berick> jeff: oh, duh, thanks
2015-04-23T15:24:05  <dbwells> ok, so
2015-04-23T15:24:10  <dbwells> #info For the most part, we're in a "wait and see, remain aware, star the issue and keep our ears/eyes open" mode.
2015-04-23T15:24:25  <dbwells> Any more on this before moving ahead?
2015-04-23T15:24:31  <jeff> Not from me.
2015-04-23T15:24:39  <berick> nor from me
2015-04-23T15:24:49  <jeff> I'm interested in further discussions on the subject at the conference.
2015-04-23T15:25:13  <eeevil> +1 to that
2015-04-23T15:25:25  <dbwells> #topic OpenSRF Release Update
2015-04-23T15:25:48  <dbwells> Nothing in the agenda, any update on that? (gmcharlt, or others)?
2015-04-23T15:26:29  <gmcharlt> #info gmcharlt will cut an OpenSRF release by the EG conference - or AT the conference, if it comes to it
2015-04-23T15:26:51  <dbwells> gmcharlt++ # thank you
2015-04-23T15:27:14  <dbwells> moving on...
2015-04-23T15:27:16  <dbwells> #topic Evergreen Release Updates
2015-04-23T15:28:05  <dbwells> berick: please go ahead, even just to reiterate what's already in the agenda, if you don't mind.
2015-04-23T15:28:13  <berick> sure thing
2015-04-23T15:28:25  <berick> 2.8.0 was set loose upon the world
2015-04-23T15:28:39  <berick> 2.8.1 probably after the EG conf, unlesss there's a need to do it sooner
2015-04-23T15:29:38  <kmlussier> If there were no conference, what we typically be the point release date?
2015-04-23T15:29:57  <bshum> So actually I was hoping to get a release out sooner for 2.7
2015-04-23T15:30:03  <dbwells> berick: There was the bug I worked on with bshum affecting fine generation for catch-up fines on lost-returned items.  I'd hope to see that out sooner rather than later.
2015-04-23T15:30:05  <bshum> Since there's some backlog of stuff
2015-04-23T15:30:14  <jeff> kmlussier: calendar says April 15, May 20
2015-04-23T15:30:15  <bshum> And yeah, some pretty critical fixes for 2.8
2015-04-23T15:30:19  <kmlussier> IIRC, there has been a fine generator fix since the release, which seemed like it might be important to get out.
2015-04-23T15:30:26  <bshum> That we probably don't want people upgrading into
2015-04-23T15:30:35  <kmlussier> Oh, sorry. dbwells is too quick for me. :)
2015-04-23T15:30:50  <eeevil> and there's the common-attribute search speed fix
2015-04-23T15:30:52  <berick> kmlussier: 3rd Wed. of each month, I believe
2015-04-23T15:30:58  <eeevil> which is running nicely in production
2015-04-23T15:31:14  <kmlussier> eeevil: That's good news.
2015-04-23T15:31:18  <bshum> We're a bit behind schedule, but maybe we can commit to getting a release cut this month anyways.
2015-04-23T15:31:23  <berick> alright.. sounds like we may have a release to cut sooner than later
2015-04-23T15:32:01  * jeff bookmarks the descripton on commit 749e63f
2015-04-23T15:32:01  <pinesol_green> [evergreen|Dan Wells] LP#1443952 Move overdue restore above lost void/adjustment - <http://git.evergreen-ils.org/?p=Evergreen.git;a=commit;h=749e63f>
2015-04-23T15:32:03  <csharp> eeevil: were you able to assuage your concerns about the inverse use case with uncommon attributes still working quickly?
2015-04-23T15:32:10  <kmlussier> Also, when I did the web site updates, I didn't put 2.6 in security release only mode because we hadn't reached a full year after its release. Should it get one more point release before we move it to security only?
2015-04-23T15:32:21  <dbwells> We've got one more standard release for 2.6.  I'm game to cut it whenever bshum and berick are ready with theirs.
2015-04-23T15:32:57  <berick> next week works for me
2015-04-23T15:33:00  <eeevil> csharp: in a word: yep
2015-04-23T15:33:08  <csharp> eeevil++ # awesome
2015-04-23T15:33:20  <bshum> Next week sounds good to me too actually.  Wednesday?
2015-04-23T15:33:42  <dbwells> Wednesday works for me.
2015-04-23T15:33:45  <berick> same here
2015-04-23T15:34:28  <dbwells> #info 2.8.0 was set loose upon the world
2015-04-23T15:35:02  <dbwells> #agreed 2.8.1 and other maintenance releases will be cut on Wednesday, April 29
2015-04-23T15:35:49  <dbwells> #topic QA Discussion
2015-04-23T15:36:00  <berick> i added that...
2015-04-23T15:36:05  <jeff> berick++
2015-04-23T15:36:18  <berick> so, it didin't really take hold for 2.8 for various reasons.
2015-04-23T15:36:32  <berick> i'd really like some input on the wiki doc before we start forcing anything
2015-04-23T15:37:15  <berick> and if we're goign to start requiring QA contributions for 2.9, we need to solidify the plan now-ish
2015-04-23T15:37:41  <jeff> short of boiling the ocean, what do you think our approach should be for "this changes the behavior of something large and complex which has no existing tests"?
2015-04-23T15:37:57  <jeff> (not that this particular ocean doesn't deserve boiling...)
2015-04-23T15:38:16  <berick> jeff: do you mean areas of the code where there is no test structure?
2015-04-23T15:38:19  <jeff> case-by-case exception with a high bar, but discretion to the RM?
2015-04-23T15:38:26  <jeff> berick: yes, exactly.
2015-04-23T15:38:50  <berick> honestly, if we could people started on using the test structure we have, that would be a big win
2015-04-23T15:38:58  <bshum> Speaking of RM, who'll that be for 2.9 :)
2015-04-23T15:39:43  <berick> bshum: yeah, this conversation makes me think again about nominating RM's earlier in the process
2015-04-23T15:40:02  <bshum> Yeah, I think we should start thinking like that.
2015-04-23T15:40:16  <dbwells> If we want the RM to make calls on "tested enough"-ness, we'll more or less need the RM to approve everything.  That's pretty far from what we've done before, but certainly exists in other projects, from what I'm told.
2015-04-23T15:40:40  <kmlussier> I don't feel qualified to comment on the wiki page, but if there is anything somebody like me can do to help with this, let me know.
2015-04-23T15:41:18  <jeff> dbwells: I was thinking more along the lines of "has tests == good, anyone can merge", vs "no tests because REASONS, merge is at RM discretion"
2015-04-23T15:41:38  <dbwells> jeff: makes sense, thanks for clarifying
2015-04-23T15:41:48  <gmcharlt> dbwells: from somebody who has been RM in such a kind of project... that is a big burden to put on the RM
2015-04-23T15:42:54  <dbs> Are tests in place for the web staff client, along the lines of https://docs.angularjs.org/guide/unit-testing ?
2015-04-23T15:42:55  <dbwells> gmcharlt: I can imagine.
2015-04-23T15:43:02  <berick> expanding on jeff's last comment.. "no tests because no framework exists to test this" would cover a lot things
2015-04-23T15:43:26  <berick> that would leave a fairly limited number of cases where the RM would have to decide
2015-04-23T15:43:37  <gmcharlt> now giving the RM more mental space to throw things back if not done enough -- and have those decisions not be nibbled to death by the Ducks of Merge It Now -- is something that would be a step forward
2015-04-23T15:44:15  <dbwells> the endless nibbling!
2015-04-23T15:44:34  <csharp> probably an obvious point, but it also raises the bar for a qualified RM
2015-04-23T15:44:40  <jeffdavis> Is there a tag in LP meaning "has code, needs tests"?
2015-04-23T15:44:57  <bshum> jeffdavis: needsignoff ?
2015-04-23T15:45:55  <jeffdavis> Do we want something more specific?
2015-04-23T15:46:12  * gmcharlt is inclined to think so - at least to try it out
2015-04-23T15:46:15  <jeffdavis> Signoff to me implies "I've tried this, it works on my system."
2015-04-23T15:46:16  <gmcharlt> "needstest"?
2015-04-23T15:46:22  <jeff> needstests? needsqa?
2015-04-23T15:46:22  <gmcharlt> er, needstests
2015-04-23T15:46:33  <gmcharlt> (not One Test To Rule Them All)
2015-04-23T15:46:35  * csharp is having deja vu
2015-04-23T15:46:57  <jeff> csharp: that might be bad. is it bad?
2015-04-23T15:47:10  <dbs> #qualityisjob1
2015-04-23T15:47:22  <jeffdavis> heh
2015-04-23T15:47:22  <kmlussier> dbs++
2015-04-23T15:47:43  <csharp> jeff: I thought we'd had this same discussion, but it was probably for another LP tag :-)
2015-04-23T15:48:25  <gmcharlt> csharp: different tag
2015-04-23T15:48:31  <dbwells> Well, this topic could be a meeting unto itself, but we need to keep moving.   These are good thoughts, so feel free to add them as ideas to the wiki document, or keep chewing on them, and we can reconvene the conversation during the conference.  Does that sound alright?
2015-04-23T15:48:34  <csharp> gmcharlt: thanks ;-)
2015-04-23T15:49:00  <bshum> dbwells: +1 to discussing at the next dev meeting (which is likely at conference)
2015-04-23T15:49:12  * gmcharlt tosses out a wild idea
2015-04-23T15:49:24  *** yboston has quit IRC
2015-04-23T15:49:25  <gmcharlt> do we want to make QA the Official Theme (TM) of the dev portion of hackfest/
2015-04-23T15:49:28  <gmcharlt> ?
2015-04-23T15:49:30  <jeff> dbs: there are some tests for the angular bits, using karma. commit 75e466e contains one example. i can't say what coverage is like.
2015-04-23T15:49:30  <pinesol_green> [evergreen|Bill Erickson] LP#1402797 browser client interval parser - <http://git.evergreen-ils.org/?p=Evergreen.git;a=commit;h=75e466e>
2015-04-23T15:50:12  *** bmills1 has joined #evergreen
2015-04-23T15:50:34  <jeff> gmcharlt: if nothing came out of the hackfest but every interested contributor was better equipped to write tests... i'm not sure i'd be disappointed.
2015-04-23T15:51:01  * gmcharlt sources a troop of cats to give out at the conferences
2015-04-23T15:51:06  <gmcharlt> very special cats
2015-04-23T15:51:24  <gmcharlt> cats who hiss ... if one does a git push with adding something to t/
2015-04-23T15:51:33  <gmcharlt> *without
2015-04-23T15:51:47  <jeffdavis> "hiss" is, fortunately, gentler than I had anticipated
2015-04-23T15:51:57  * eeevil dons his headphones of hiss avoidance
2015-04-23T15:52:17  <dbwells> gmcharlt: I'd be up for QA time during the hackfest.
2015-04-23T15:52:48  <csharp> #info gmcharlt's Cats of Doom: http://cat.evergreen-ils.org.meowbify.com/
2015-04-23T15:52:54  <jeff> "QA time" might be easier to pull off. :-)
2015-04-23T15:53:04  <jboyer-isl> I could certainly use an intro. I felt a little bad about how much went into the "delete acpl" commits without any tests but human ones.
2015-04-23T15:53:27  * gmcharlt is more than happy to put together some starting material for a QA time
2015-04-23T15:53:41  <dbwells> #action AllTheDevs will read and think about berick's QA page, and come to the conference ready to discuss and take action
2015-04-23T15:53:57  <berick> you_all++
2015-04-23T15:54:07  <kmlussier> you_all++
2015-04-23T15:54:35  <jeff> too late for meetbot, but there is a thread on the localhost websockets thing that might be worth reading for those keeping tabs: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-webappsec/2015Mar/0135.html
2015-04-23T15:54:41  <dbwells> New Business
2015-04-23T15:54:57  <dbwells> #topic berick proposes we vote on a set day / time for monthly meetings
2015-04-23T15:55:04  <jeff> +1
2015-04-23T15:55:30  <bshum> +1
2015-04-23T15:55:35  <bshum> We used to do that though.
2015-04-23T15:55:42  <bshum> It didn't always work out, but we can try again.
2015-04-23T15:56:36  <jeffdavis> +1
2015-04-23T15:56:46  <berick> i'm happy to post a poll
2015-04-23T15:57:01  <gmcharlt> +1
2015-04-23T15:57:03  <berick> to see if we can get a decent looking time
2015-04-23T15:57:13  <bshum> berick++
2015-04-23T15:57:18  <berick> if it's all over the place, maybe reconsider
2015-04-23T15:57:34  <dbwells> They have all recently been at 3:00pm Eastern, but the day shifts around.  Can we agree on 3:00pm already?
2015-04-23T15:57:44  <kmlussier> I'm in favor of it, but I think we should monitor it. If it looks like people forget about meetings (which is what previously happened), we may want to reconsider.
2015-04-23T15:57:50  <csharp> dbwells: works for me
2015-04-23T15:57:53  <kmlussier> However, meeting reminders should help with that issue.
2015-04-23T15:58:29  <dbwells> I guess we can just wait for the poll, too.
2015-04-23T15:59:01  <jeff> or possibly a single-option doodle poll to help determine if a given month's meeting will be lightly attended and thus should be re-scheduled. dunno. let's try a change and see.
2015-04-23T15:59:12  <dbwells> #action berick will set up a poll for a set meeting day/time for dev meetings
2015-04-23T15:59:32  <dbwells> #topic Release notes for point releases (kmlussier)
2015-04-23T15:59:43  <berick> cool, thanks everyone
2015-04-23T15:59:59  <kmlussier> I'll keep this quick. There has been some discussion here recently about adding point releases to the release notes.
2015-04-23T16:00:32  <kmlussier> I wonder if there is general consensus that we should move in this direction.
2015-04-23T16:01:01  <kmlussier> If so, I would be willing to work with berick on the 2.8 point releases to get the release notes added.
2015-04-23T16:01:08  <csharp> +1
2015-04-23T16:01:45  <jeff> +1
2015-04-23T16:02:29  <berick> kmlussier: like, at the bottom of the 2.8 release notes, we would append the 2.8.1. notes, then 2.8.2, etc.?
2015-04-23T16:02:39  <berick> instead of overwriting the 2.8 original notes
2015-04-23T16:02:46  <dbwells> I was going to ask something similar.
2015-04-23T16:03:11  <kmlussier> Yes, I think bshum had suggested that approach at one point. I like that idea.
2015-04-23T16:03:13  <csharp> that's what I had in my mind
2015-04-23T16:03:13  <bshum> Right, I started a new section concept for it in the rel's
2015-04-23T16:03:22  <bshum> But we have to adopt it permanently, etc.
2015-04-23T16:03:32  <dbwells> Looking at this page: http://docs.evergreen-ils.org/2.8/ , would they show up as addenda in section II?
2015-04-23T16:03:34  * bshum could have named it better
2015-04-23T16:03:37  <kmlussier> I dont' think we want to run a script every time we have a point release like we do for the major releases.
2015-04-23T16:04:03  <bshum> Right, I just called it "Bug Fixes"
2015-04-23T16:04:11  <bshum> But didn't name the exact number release of when they occur
2015-04-23T16:04:33  <gmcharlt> well, if it's actually fully scripted...
2015-04-23T16:04:35  <jeff> grouping by point release would probably be helpful.
2015-04-23T16:04:58  <kmlussier> Yes, I was thinking having a 2.8.1 as a section under bug fixes, then 2.8.2, etc.
2015-04-23T16:05:06  <dbs> top (most recent first) rather than bottom is more typical I think?
2015-04-23T16:05:07  <csharp> this is what postgres does: http://www.postgresql.org/docs/9.4/static/release.html
2015-04-23T16:05:09  <jeff> it's nice to have something other than launchpad/git logs confirm in which point release we think a specific bug was fixed.
2015-04-23T16:05:27  <kmlussier> dbs: Ah, yes, right. That would make sense.
2015-04-23T16:05:36  <dbs> but +1
2015-04-23T16:06:01  <dbwells> Ok, it seems like we're generally all on the same page, and we can wait and see what kmlussier, et al come up with.
2015-04-23T16:06:06  <berick> +1
2015-04-23T16:06:20  <dbwells> kmlussier++
2015-04-23T16:06:43  <dbwells> Moving on to Feedback for New Features Under Development
2015-04-23T16:06:59  <dbwells> #topic Web client: Keyboard shortcut issues
2015-04-23T16:07:38  <eeevil> That's mine
2015-04-23T16:08:00  <eeevil> so, they exist. and work. except ... when an input form element is selected
2015-04-23T16:08:31  <eeevil> I'd like to get more eyes on that problem
2015-04-23T16:08:36  <jeff> since you've raised it as an issue, i'm guessing that's an inherent limitation and not just a bug?
2015-04-23T16:09:10  <eeevil> jeff: right. it seems to be, at least, a limitation of the angular wrapper to mousetrap
2015-04-23T16:09:57  <eeevil> as mousetrap itself supplies a way to make them work when form input elements (specifically, text, textarea, and select) are focused
2015-04-23T16:10:16  <eeevil> but, because angular builds the interface in stages
2015-04-23T16:10:49  <eeevil> inner-scope form elements don't get the appropriate event handlers injected
2015-04-23T16:10:53  <eeevil> (AFAICT)
2015-04-23T16:11:00  <jeff> do you have a branch or bug for those with interest?
2015-04-23T16:11:34  <eeevil> it's just all of the code. it's existed since sprint1
2015-04-23T16:11:38  <berick> eeevil: i'm curious if you've tried stock cfp.hotkeys stuff without the local eg-navbar-template stuff in navbar.js
2015-04-23T16:11:52  <jeff> eeevil: ah, even easier
2015-04-23T16:12:32  <dbwells> #info keyboard shortcuts are failing when an input form element is selected.  Suspected cause is the angular wrapper to mousetrap.  eeevil is asking for more eyes on the problem.
2015-04-23T16:12:40  <eeevil> berick: since it's not creating an isolate-scope, I haven't
2015-04-23T16:12:48  <berick> so, there's hotkeys, hotkeys within angular, then our local directive to make hotkeys look a little more like how they looked in the xul client.  if that last part is the problem, we could remove/modify that pretty easily, i imagine
2015-04-23T16:12:52  <berick> eeevil: k
2015-04-23T16:12:52  <jeff> Hrm. webby doesn't like F1/F2. I get a 404. Will poke further.
2015-04-23T16:13:34  <kmlussier> F1 works for me
2015-04-23T16:13:38  <eeevil> berick: right, I don't think it's your wrapper.
2015-04-23T16:13:45  <berick> eeevil: ah, ok
2015-04-23T16:13:47  <eeevil> WFM also... :)
2015-04-23T16:14:16  <jeff> logging in at https://webby.evergreencatalog.com/eg/staff/ and hitting F1 takes me to https://webby.evergreencatalog.com/circ/patron/bcsearch/webby.evergreencatalog.com/eg/staff/
2015-04-23T16:14:23  <jeff> (off topic for meeting)
2015-04-23T16:14:25  * berick remapped F1 to 'switch to desktop 1' locally because I can't be bothered with modifier keys
2015-04-23T16:15:14  <eeevil> my one idea so far is to use mousetrap directly and have hotkeys wire themselves up after the UI is fully rendered
2015-04-23T16:15:53  <dbwells> Sounds like we have a couple parties interested in offering assistance here, but we should try to wrap up the meeting before we get too deep, I think.  Is that alright?
2015-04-23T16:16:07  <berick> hm, it's an angular package
2015-04-23T16:16:20  <berick> i mean, it's designed for angular.
2015-04-23T16:16:32  <berick> i'm not sure how it would work w/o angular
2015-04-23T16:16:36  <eeevil> dbwells: yep, that's fine
2015-04-23T16:16:43  *** montgoc1 has quit IRC
2015-04-23T16:16:58  <dbwells> eeevil: thanks, moving along for now...
2015-04-23T16:17:00  <dbwells> #topic ACQ blanket orders proposal
2015-04-23T16:18:08  <dbwells> berick: It sounds interesting.  I don't think we do anything like that here.
2015-04-23T16:18:45  <kmlussier> I think we might have some libraries that might be interested in using it.
2015-04-23T16:19:03  <berick> so, yeah, just curious if anyone else does this kind of thing. i could swear i heard the concept from non-kcls people
2015-04-23T16:19:06  <berick> but i could be crazy
2015-04-23T16:19:18  <kmlussier> One question that was raised here was what happens at end of fiscal year if they are configured to roll over encumbrances. Will the direct charges roll over too?
2015-04-23T16:19:44  <berick> kmlussier: yes, all fund debits (encumbrances in this case) are treated equally for rollover
2015-04-23T16:20:11  <jeffdavis> I'll pass along the bug to our acq folks for comment.
2015-04-23T16:20:16  <berick> thanks, jeffdavis
2015-04-23T16:20:34  <kmlussier> berick: We do have libraries that do blanket invoices. I'm thinking they might like to add then to the PO so that the funds could be encumbered before the items are received.
2015-04-23T16:20:40  <csharp> same here
2015-04-23T16:20:43  <kmlussier> s/then/them
2015-04-23T16:21:05  <berick> kmlussier: cool, that's the idea
2015-04-23T16:21:17  * kmlussier plans to load it on a VM when she has time
2015-04-23T16:22:32  <berick> kmlussier++
2015-04-23T16:22:39  <berick> thanks everyone.
2015-04-23T16:22:49  <dbwells> berick: I'll ask our acq people about it, too.  You never know what they might be doing to make things work :)
2015-04-23T16:22:56  <berick> dbwells: :)
2015-04-23T16:23:17  <dbwells> so, last but not least
2015-04-23T16:23:20  <dbwells> #topic Overdrive API
2015-04-23T16:23:38  <kmlussier> I added that one to the agenda. I'm still not clear as to what steps need to be taken to move it forward.
2015-04-23T16:23:56  <kmlussier> We have a lot of interest here in seeing it merged to Evergreen.
2015-04-23T16:24:17  <jeff> there were some missing parts last i looked, with regard to support in consortium and different auth methods
2015-04-23T16:24:34  <jeff> i looked just enough to say "this won't work for us", but didn't go much further.
2015-04-23T16:24:41  <jeff> have others reviewed it more?
2015-04-23T16:25:05  <jeffdavis> jeff: Would you be willing to file a bug report about that? I've done a small amount of tweaking in that regard but not a lot.
2015-04-23T16:25:06  <kmlussier> I suspect our auth methods would line up with what Sitka's using.
2015-04-23T16:25:40  <jeffdavis> LP project page is https://launchpad.net/overdrive-eg-opac, bugs can be filed there
2015-04-23T16:26:05  <jeffdavis> I can think of two pieces that might help to get more folks trying it out.
2015-04-23T16:26:14  <jeffdavis> 1. Documentation. This has been on my todo list for a while.
2015-04-23T16:26:27  <jeff> jeffdavis: can you summarize your environment with regard to auth methods, what patron identifier is used, and if you have just a single overdrive account for the entire consortium or if you have per-system, and if there's any use of "overdrive advantage" (where systems participate in a large collection but can then ALSO add items that only their patrons get)?
2015-04-23T16:26:29  <jeffdavis> 2. Testing credentials that can be shared among EG developers.
2015-04-23T16:26:35  <dbwells> #link https://launchpad.net/overdrive-eg-opac
2015-04-23T16:27:08  *** rjackson_isl has quit IRC
2015-04-23T16:28:10  <dbwells> jeffdavis: I think testing credentials would be great.  I'm not sure how many of us have access otherwise to OverDrive.
2015-04-23T16:28:33  * csharp might be able to get credentials, but not sure if he could share them :-/
2015-04-23T16:28:44  <jeffdavis> I can commit to contacting Overdrive about that.
2015-04-23T16:29:01  <jeff> My experience with getting API access from them (prod and/or testing) has been... yeah.
2015-04-23T16:29:44  <dbwells> #info jeffdavis suggests that any potential testers file bugs at the link given above
2015-04-23T16:30:12  <jeffdavis> They do have a testing environment which in theory shold not be tied to anyone's "real" OverDrive accounts, so it's at least a theoretical possibility, IIUC.
2015-04-23T16:30:17  <kmlussier> Thanks all!
2015-04-23T16:30:27  * kmlussier needs to disappear
2015-04-23T16:30:38  <dbwells> #action jeffdavis will pursue contacting OverDrive to ask about test credentials / a test environment
2015-04-23T16:30:41  * csharp too
2015-04-23T16:31:01  <dbwells> Ok, wrapping things up unless someone speaks up...
2015-04-23T16:31:19  *** jboyer-isl has quit IRC
2015-04-23T16:31:22  <jeffdavis> jeff: we have two OverDrive accounts, each used by a different chunk of our libraries
2015-04-23T16:31:32  *** maryj has quit IRC
2015-04-23T16:31:35  <jeffdavis> I should add that we have this code in production for all our OD subscriber libraries
2015-04-23T16:32:00  <jeffdavis> auth is based on patron barcode, some libraries require PIN to be checked and others don't
2015-04-23T16:32:27  <jeffdavis> happy to go into more detail, but dunno if we want to do that as part of this meeting?
2015-04-23T16:32:42  <jeff> just after is fine. let's let dbwells #endmeeting :-)
2015-04-23T16:33:11  <dbwells> jeffdavis: I'm interested in at least seeing this in action at some point.
2015-04-23T16:33:35  <dbwells> Ok, thanks all.
2015-04-23T16:33:36  <dbwells> #endmeeting
2015-04-23T16:33:36  <pinesol_green> Meeting ended Thu Apr 23 16:33:36 2015 US/Eastern.  Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot . (v 0.1.4)
2015-04-23T16:33:36  <pinesol_green> Minutes:        http://evergreen-ils.org/meetings/evergreen/2015/evergreen.2015-04-23-15.13.html
2015-04-23T16:33:36  <pinesol_green> Minutes (text): http://evergreen-ils.org/meetings/evergreen/2015/evergreen.2015-04-23-15.13.txt
2015-04-23T16:33:36  <pinesol_green> Log:            http://evergreen-ils.org/meetings/evergreen/2015/evergreen.2015-04-23-15.13.log.html
2015-04-23T16:33:38  <bshum> dbwells++
2015-04-23T16:33:41  <jeff> dbwells++
2015-04-23T16:33:46  <jeffdavis> dbwells++
2015-04-23T16:33:46  *** mglass_ has joined #evergreen
2015-04-23T16:33:58  *** collum has quit IRC
2015-04-23T16:33:59  <jeff> jeffdavis: what method do you use for overdrive to auth your patrons?
2015-04-23T16:34:17  <remingtron> dbwells++
2015-04-23T16:34:28  <jeff> (i may have asked this before -- i should check logs)
2015-04-23T16:35:54  <jeffdavis> the API code follows the patron auth process described here: http://developer.overdrive.com/apis/patron-auth
2015-04-23T16:36:03  <jeff> checked logs, don't see that i've asked.
2015-04-23T16:36:18  <jeffdavis> Overdrive itself has historically authenticated against our SIP server
2015-04-23T16:36:22  <jeff> jeffdavis: outside of the integration you've done, or before you did that integration, how did you auth?
2015-04-23T16:36:25  <jeff> ah.
2015-04-23T16:36:25  *** mglass has quit IRC
2015-04-23T16:36:30  <jeff> [involuntary cringe]
2015-04-23T16:36:47  <jeff> do you still maintain a SIP connection with OverDrive?
2015-04-23T16:37:17  <jeffdavis> yes
2015-04-23T16:38:14  <jeffdavis> the API integration should allow patrons to do checkouts etc via the TPAC, so in theory no SIP would be required
2015-04-23T16:38:14  <jeff> and in your environment, when you make the POST to /patrontoken, does OverDrive then make a SIP query to verify the values you provided for username= and password=?
2015-04-23T16:38:56  *** Shae has quit IRC
2015-04-23T16:39:17  <jeffdavis> er, sorry I'm wrong there
2015-04-23T16:39:30  <jeff> If there's no call (SIP or otherwise) being made on the backend by OverDrive to Evergreen, then why does the value of password_required matter?
2015-04-23T16:39:33  <jeff> Ah, okay.
2015-04-23T16:39:49  <jeffdavis> (trying to order my thoughts, which is always a pain where OD is concerned :)
2015-04-23T16:40:03  *** TaraC has quit IRC
2015-04-23T16:40:22  <jeffdavis> we have some libraries where password is required, and some where it is not
2015-04-23T16:40:35  *** mglass has joined #evergreen
2015-04-23T16:40:36  <jeff> we require patrons to log in with their evergreen username+password or barcode+password, but OverDrive never sees anything other than an opaque token representing the patron (they also get their email address if the patron provides it when making a hold request)
2015-04-23T16:40:59  <jeff> so the ways in which i've thought about overdrive integration are different from the current implementation that you have in production.
2015-04-23T16:41:15  <jeff> i'm just trying to wrap my head around how it works in your environment vs ours.
2015-04-23T16:41:35  *** TaraC has joined #evergreen
2015-04-23T16:41:56  <jeffdavis> I know the Co-op manages OD subscription some libraries where "authentication" is based on barcode pattern, rather than on a list of actual valid barcodes or live authentication via SIP.
2015-04-23T16:43:08  <jeff> They [OverDrive] have begun actively discouraging that.
2015-04-23T16:43:29  *** mglass_ has quit IRC
2015-04-23T16:43:54  <jeffdavis> I'm actually not sure whether it's true for any Sitka libraries (the Co-op handles OD licensing for some non-Sitka libraries). I should double-check that.
2015-04-23T16:48:36  <jeffdavis> I wonder if the OD API "granted auth" method is a good fit for the "opaque token" approach: http://developer.overdrive.com/granted-auth
2015-04-23T16:50:58  <jeff> Likely.
2015-04-23T16:51:02  <jeff> Looks... ugly.
2015-04-23T16:51:12  <jeff> especially "Each time users access a digital collection through EZProxy or Federated Authentication, they must select Allow Once when approving your service."
2015-04-23T16:51:28  <jeff> I'm going to re-open our dialog with OverDrive and see if I can get anywhere this time.
2015-04-23T16:52:44  <eeevil> jeff: I fixed the splash-page hotkey issue
2015-04-23T16:52:49  <jeff> eeevil++ thanks!
2015-04-23T16:56:11  <jeff> eeevil: do you know who/what uses 905$u? asking since i see your name on a commit from back in 2010 adding support for it
2015-04-23T16:56:23  <jeff> commit 7a39120
2015-04-23T16:56:23  <pinesol_green> [evergreen|miker] support 905u (editor by barcode or usrname) in vandelay overlay/merge rules - <http://git.evergreen-ils.org/?p=Evergreen.git;a=commit;h=7a39120>
2015-04-23T16:59:26  *** Dyrcona has quit IRC
2015-04-23T17:00:20  <eeevil> jeff: IIRC, there's a way to cause that to turn into the editing and creating user of the bib
2015-04-23T17:00:50  <eeevil> 905 is used for overlay/edit templates
2015-04-23T17:01:02  *** bbqben has joined #evergreen
2015-04-23T17:02:21  <jeff> I'm just wondering if it's something a particular library / workflow / vendor makes use of...
2015-04-23T17:02:50  <jeff> but it was 2010, so that information may be difficult to track down :-)
2015-04-23T17:03:06  *** graced has quit IRC
2015-04-23T17:04:48  <eeevil> it was, IIRC, for kcls in conjunction with marc_stream_importer
2015-04-23T17:06:01  <jeff> thanks!
2015-04-23T17:06:09  <jeff> now i can move on to pestering berick! ;-)
2015-04-23T17:08:47  <eeevil> jeff++
2015-04-23T17:11:43  *** mmorgan has left #evergreen
2015-04-23T17:11:56  *** bmills1 has quit IRC
2015-04-23T17:22:07  *** bmills1 has joined #evergreen
2015-04-23T17:35:48  *** sbrylander has quit IRC
2015-04-23T17:39:58  *** buzzy has joined #evergreen
2015-04-23T18:23:04  *** mglass_ has joined #evergreen
2015-04-23T18:24:45  *** mllewellyn has quit IRC
2015-04-23T18:25:40  *** mglass has quit IRC
2015-04-23T18:27:26  *** mglass has joined #evergreen
2015-04-23T18:30:39  *** mglass_ has quit IRC
2015-04-23T19:02:49  *** akilsdonk has quit IRC
2015-04-23T19:08:23  *** BigRig has quit IRC
2015-04-23T19:20:27  *** akilsdonk has joined #evergreen
2015-04-23T19:25:43  *** buzzy has quit IRC
2015-04-23T19:49:55  *** bbqben has quit IRC
2015-04-23T20:00:40  *** jwoodard has quit IRC
2015-04-23T20:47:05  *** sandbergja has quit IRC
2015-04-23T20:55:09  *** akilsdonk has quit IRC
2015-04-23T21:47:16  <kmlussier> @later tell eeevil is c4859aa loaded on webby? I just retested bug 1442836 and still see the same problem.
2015-04-23T21:47:16  <pinesol_green> kmlussier: The operation succeeded.
2015-04-23T21:47:39  <kmlussier> bug 1442836
2015-04-23T21:47:39  <pinesol_green> Launchpad bug 1442836 in Evergreen "Web staff client: Checkout for item with open circulation fails" (affected: 1, heat: 6) [Undecided,Fix committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1442836
2015-04-23T21:50:04  <eeevil> kmlussier: I have personally had trouble with browser caching. I often have to open the dev tools and then shift-refresh to get everything to clear. including across browser restarts
2015-04-23T21:50:56  <kmlussier> eeevil: So if I clear my cache, you think it will resolve the issue?
2015-04-23T21:51:11  * kmlussier generally clears her cache on a regular basis, but can try again.
2015-04-23T21:51:35  <eeevil> yes. same thing happened to me this afternoon in that ui
2015-04-23T21:53:09  <eeevil> I'll take a screencast of it working tomorrow. and of the browser buttons working for me in firefox on linux, if you like. more data points and all that
2015-04-23T21:53:38  * eeevil heads away from the keyboard...
2015-04-23T21:55:32  * kmlussier wishes she could head away from the keyboard. :)
2015-04-23T22:03:28  *** akilsdonk has joined #evergreen
2015-04-23T22:52:12  *** bmills1 has quit IRC
2015-04-23T23:14:58  *** akilsdonk has quit IRC
