2015-02-05T00:16:13  *** BigRig_ has joined #evergreen
2015-02-05T00:18:37  *** BigRig has quit IRC
2015-02-05T00:46:13  *** abowling has quit IRC
2015-02-05T00:47:22  *** abowling has joined #evergreen
2015-02-05T06:42:03  *** Callender_ has joined #evergreen
2015-02-05T07:11:30  *** eeevil has quit IRC
2015-02-05T07:12:03  *** sarabee has quit IRC
2015-02-05T07:15:21  *** sarabee has joined #evergreen
2015-02-05T07:16:03  *** eeevil has joined #evergreen
2015-02-05T07:24:48  <bshum> Stompro++ # docs generated for upgrade instructions for 2.7 based on your changes.
2015-02-05T07:24:54  <bshum> I have linked to them on the main downloads page now.
2015-02-05T07:25:09  <bshum> Thanks for your efforts :)
2015-02-05T07:25:17  <bshum> For fun reference: http://docs.evergreen-ils.org/2.7/_upgrading_the_evergreen_server.html
2015-02-05T07:34:48  *** rjackson_isl has joined #evergreen
2015-02-05T07:44:52  *** graced has joined #evergreen
2015-02-05T07:55:17  *** Callender_ has quit IRC
2015-02-05T08:00:20  *** pmurray_away is now known as pmurray
2015-02-05T08:00:26  *** pmurray is now known as pmurray_away
2015-02-05T08:05:59  *** ericar has joined #evergreen
2015-02-05T08:08:02  <jboyer-isl> berick, bshum: Some Indiana folks will also be around Saturday evening in case there are sights that need seeing, food that needs eating, etc.
2015-02-05T08:09:48  *** Dyrcona has joined #evergreen
2015-02-05T08:11:40  *** Dyrcona1 has joined #evergreen
2015-02-05T08:13:22  <bshum> jboyer-isl: Yay! :)
2015-02-05T08:20:36  *** Dyrcona1 is now known as Dyrcona
2015-02-05T08:28:43  *** mrpeters has joined #evergreen
2015-02-05T08:35:40  *** pmurray_away is now known as pmurray
2015-02-05T08:38:55  *** jwoodard has joined #evergreen
2015-02-05T08:41:17  *** Shae has joined #evergreen
2015-02-05T08:51:00  *** julialima_ has joined #evergreen
2015-02-05T08:55:33  *** maryj has joined #evergreen
2015-02-05T09:04:33  *** mmorgan has joined #evergreen
2015-02-05T09:07:01  <jeff> popular holdshelf aliases (that have snuck past the patron-side filter preventing duplicates): https://gist.github.com/jeff/6318b9a5a84d26b9e7b9
2015-02-05T09:08:32  <bshum> Heh
2015-02-05T09:09:50  <bshum> jeff: How did those slip past?
2015-02-05T09:09:58  *** sarabee has quit IRC
2015-02-05T09:10:20  *** eeevil has quit IRC
2015-02-05T09:11:03  <jeff> bshum: staff-side patron editor has no checks for duplicate holdshelf alias. We didn't put effort into closing that loophole.
2015-02-05T09:11:13  <bshum> Ahh.
2015-02-05T09:11:35  <jeff> bshum: So at least one of each group is staff or asked staff to set their alias to that value.
2015-02-05T09:11:51  *** sarabee has joined #evergreen
2015-02-05T09:12:41  <jeff> looking, the duplicate catwoman is a test/training account's alias.
2015-02-05T09:12:47  *** eeevil has joined #evergreen
2015-02-05T09:18:33  <mmorgan> jeff: speaking of popular - what are you looking at to get the "most popular" titles on your stats page? Circs? Holds? A combination?
2015-02-05T09:36:22  <jeff> mmorgan: i think i owe you an email regarding that, too!
2015-02-05T09:37:58  <jeff> mmorgan: but for those "top ten" lists, we're currently factoring in circs within the last 30 days. we are not presently using holds or hold:copy ratio or anything else.
2015-02-05T09:41:41  <mmorgan> jeff: Okay, thanks! Also, wondering where you're getting the "title" from since it has proper case.
2015-02-05T09:44:47  <jeff> Just a naive transform at display time -- the title and author are coming from reporter.materialized_simple_record and the abstract from the first 520$a that we find in metabib.real_full_rec (we're on 2.5 at present)
2015-02-05T09:45:16  <jeff> we're also pulling the "date" from the 260$c, which explains why so many lack a date.
2015-02-05T09:45:28  <jeff> and the abstract is a normalized value, so it looks... well, normalized.
2015-02-05T09:45:35  <jeff> room for improvement there.
2015-02-05T09:46:14  * csharp returns from three consecutive sick days
2015-02-05T09:47:05  <csharp> @who is THE DOCTOR?
2015-02-05T09:47:05  <pinesol_green> Dyrcona is THE DOCTOR.
2015-02-05T09:47:16  <Dyrcona> Got that right.
2015-02-05T09:47:18  <Dyrcona> ;)
2015-02-05T09:47:33  * csharp cues Dr. Who them
2015-02-05T09:47:34  <csharp> e
2015-02-05T09:47:42  <Dyrcona> "You may be a doctor, but I am THE Doctor."
2015-02-05T09:48:15  * jeff takes an illogical and completely imaginary step back from csharp
2015-02-05T09:48:58  <Dyrcona> May the 4th be with you.
2015-02-05T09:49:12  <jeff> oh man.
2015-02-05T09:49:22  <jeff> so we have been deploying Intel NUC computers. Nice units.
2015-02-05T09:49:31  <jeff> The box that they come in has a gimmick.
2015-02-05T09:49:31  <bshum> jeff: I love those things.
2015-02-05T09:49:43  <bshum> The box is awesome!
2015-02-05T09:49:48  <bshum> And super annoying to show everyone
2015-02-05T09:49:53  <jeff> bshum: if they had one with ECC RAM, I'd be even happier, but... I digress.
2015-02-05T09:50:13  <jeff> So the box contains a light-activated sound gadget that plays the Intel chime/ding/whatever.
2015-02-05T09:51:18  <jeff> csharp's comment about cueing the Doctor Who theme made me think of placing similar (or re-purposed) light-activated devices under books on the holdshelf that correspond to the patron's alias.
2015-02-05T09:51:36  <bshum> Hehe
2015-02-05T09:51:44  <Dyrcona> So each patron gets a different theme?
2015-02-05T09:52:14  <jeff> well, a small handful (even 2-3) on the shelf at a given time.
2015-02-05T09:53:19  <berick> bshum: jboyer-isl: good to know.  i'm going to try to stick around
2015-02-05T09:53:30  <bshum> More the merrier :)
2015-02-05T09:53:30  <berick> eeevil: got a page on webby doing the double pcrud commit I can look at?
2015-02-05T09:54:08  <eeevil> berick: sure https://webby.evergreencatalog.com/eg/staff/cat/catalog/record/4010 ... watch the console and hit the save button at the bottom
2015-02-05T09:55:57  <berick> eeevil: it drops me into the catalog view.  not seeing a save button.  are you in a different view?
2015-02-05T09:56:21  <eeevil> berick: ha. sorry. yes,  the "marc edit" view
2015-02-05T09:56:26  <berick> ah, k, thanks
2015-02-05T09:57:03  <eeevil> I'm actively poking at context menus ATM, so there could be some instability, but the double-commit is always there
2015-02-05T09:59:56  * csharp likes jeff's idea and connects it with bshum's desire to replace EG sounds with Super Mario sounds
2015-02-05T10:00:55  * bshum wonders how library staff would react to suddenly hearing Mario sounds in the client.
2015-02-05T10:01:03  <berick> eeevil: is this what you're seeing?  http://pastie.org/9889102
2015-02-05T10:02:05  *** gdunbar has joined #evergreen
2015-02-05T10:02:37  <eeevil> berick: yes. on on the server I see two calls to transaction.commit immediately following each other
2015-02-05T10:02:49  <eeevil> going to the same pcrud process
2015-02-05T10:02:58  <eeevil> from the same client, obv
2015-02-05T10:03:23  <berick> hm, ok..
2015-02-05T10:03:56  <eeevil> it's like the xactClose promise is being called twice
2015-02-05T10:04:27  *** yboston has joined #evergreen
2015-02-05T10:04:34  <eeevil> pcrud.js is completely unchanged (now... I was messing with it last night)
2015-02-05T10:07:24  *** pmurray is now known as pmurray_away
2015-02-05T10:10:13  *** pmurray_away is now known as pmurray
2015-02-05T10:11:22  <berick> eeevil: ok, was able to reproduce locally
2015-02-05T10:11:24  * berick pokes
2015-02-05T10:12:24  <eeevil> berick: I suspect, but haven't tested, that it happens with every pcrud CUD call
2015-02-05T10:26:25  *** mrpeters has quit IRC
2015-02-05T10:31:43  *** dreuther has joined #evergreen
2015-02-05T10:34:30  *** dMiller_ has joined #evergreen
2015-02-05T10:36:11  <berick> eeevil: found it.  good stuff
2015-02-05T10:36:13  <berick> http://git.evergreen-ils.org/?p=working/OpenSRF.git;a=commitdiff;h=1b25f487c0acdfa000becbccac6943e24bc0ca77
2015-02-05T10:36:16  <berick> i'll open an LP
2015-02-05T10:37:16  <berick> this code path (per-tab connections) got much less testing than the global WS connection code, which had to be disabled, because chrome started acting funky with global connections
2015-02-05T10:37:21  <berick> will have to revisit that..
2015-02-05T10:38:41  *** graced has quit IRC
2015-02-05T10:42:36  *** mrpeters has joined #evergreen
2015-02-05T10:44:07  *** dMiller_ has quit IRC
2015-02-05T10:46:40  <berick> https://bugs.launchpad.net/opensrf/+bug/1418613
2015-02-05T10:46:40  <pinesol_green> Launchpad bug 1418613 in OpenSRF "Per-tab websocket JS connections can re-send messages" (affected: 1, heat: 6) [Undecided,New]
2015-02-05T11:01:49  <bshum> berick: I'm adjusting that entry if I can so that it points at OpenSRF 2.4.1
2015-02-05T11:01:57  <bshum> Since 2.4.0 was already released last month
2015-02-05T11:02:04  <berick> bshum: gracias
2015-02-05T11:04:20  <bshum> All set.
2015-02-05T11:04:23  <bshum> Thanks berick.
2015-02-05T11:08:26  <eeevil>  berick: ah ... I imagine those "some cases" are when we send an opensrf message without a payload, a la DISCONNECT
2015-02-05T11:08:48  <eeevil> because guess what else is /not/ getting to the server (hint: it's the DISCONNECT message)
2015-02-05T11:08:58  <berick> eeevil: exactly...
2015-02-05T11:14:20  *** gdunbar has quit IRC
2015-02-05T11:14:49  <Dyrcona> That's bad.
2015-02-05T11:14:55  <Dyrcona> ;)
2015-02-05T11:16:23  *** mrpeters has quit IRC
2015-02-05T11:16:34  <eeevil> Dyrcona: if you thought you had hanging opensrf sessions before... ;)
2015-02-05T11:19:28  * csharp release his new album: The Hanging OpenSRF Sessions
2015-02-05T11:19:39  <csharp> bleh s/release/releases/
2015-02-05T11:19:50  * csharp is typo-ridden today
2015-02-05T11:20:25  <csharp> @eightball are jokes funnier without typos?
2015-02-05T11:20:25  <pinesol_green> csharp: You know the answer better than I.
2015-02-05T11:24:56  *** mrpeters has joined #evergreen
2015-02-05T11:30:56  <Dyrcona> heh
2015-02-05T11:31:33  <Dyrcona> csharp: The Hanging OpenSRF Sessions sounds more like an album title.
2015-02-05T11:31:37  <Dyrcona> OOf.
2015-02-05T11:31:40  * Dyrcona is dumb.
2015-02-05T11:31:50  <Dyrcona> I was thinking of it as a band name, sorry.
2015-02-05T11:32:11  *** mrpeters1 has joined #evergreen
2015-02-05T11:32:30  <Dyrcona> That's what happens when I pay more attention to work than to IRC. :)
2015-02-05T11:33:22  *** mrpeters has quit IRC
2015-02-05T11:37:03  *** mrpeters1 has quit IRC
2015-02-05T11:45:26  *** graced has joined #evergreen
2015-02-05T11:48:25  *** akilsdonk has quit IRC
2015-02-05T11:55:13  <csharp> Dyrcona: ;-)
2015-02-05T11:56:33  * Dyrcona has chicken curry for lunch, but with Nutella in the sauce.
2015-02-05T12:00:21  <csharp> ewww
2015-02-05T12:00:43  * csharp hasn't jumped on the nutella bandwagon yet ;-)
2015-02-05T12:00:43  <Dyrcona> It actually tastes pretty good.
2015-02-05T12:00:54  <Dyrcona> I don't usually consume much Nutella.
2015-02-05T12:01:32  <Dyrcona> I got a taste before I decided to take it.
2015-02-05T12:04:40  <Dyrcona> If you like spicy, you would probably like this dish.
2015-02-05T12:09:36  <bshum> gmcharlt: Sorry I'll fix up 2.7.3 too and create a 2.7.4 for everyone.
2015-02-05T12:09:59  <bshum> Old, old bug.  Back from my 2.0 days :(
2015-02-05T12:10:29  <gmcharlt> bshum: ah, great - thanks for catching that!
2015-02-05T12:11:33  <bshum> gmcharlt: I'm not sure if dbwells has cut 2.6.6.  He might not have yet and it could still get tested and applied there.  But more than likely I expect we'll keep that lock-step on bug fixes in general.
2015-02-05T12:11:54  <bshum> gmcharlt++ # poking at ancient bugs
2015-02-05T12:12:16  <gmcharlt> bshum: that's fine - that bug gets hit rarely enough, I think, that testing doesn't need to be super-rushed
2015-02-05T12:12:40  <gmcharlt> our_customers++ # running into ancient bugs and KEEPING THEM ALIVE
2015-02-05T12:13:34  <bshum> Reported by Ben Shum on 2011-12-15, zomg :(
2015-02-05T12:13:49  *** sarabee has quit IRC
2015-02-05T12:13:50  * bshum can't believe how long it's been :\
2015-02-05T12:14:55  <bshum> Stompro++ # helping to announce new release on list with helpful notes and links!
2015-02-05T12:15:08  <kmlussier> Any git admins available who might be able to a recent request made for access to the working repository? :)
2015-02-05T12:15:15  <kmlussier> Recent being about 30 minutes ago.
2015-02-05T12:15:26  <bshum> 30 minutes?!  The slackers...
2015-02-05T12:15:29  <bshum> :D
2015-02-05T12:15:52  <kmlussier> I was hoping to try pushing the branch while I'm sitting at her desk.
2015-02-05T12:16:15  * kmlussier is learning how to use Git Gui today, which is fun.
2015-02-05T12:16:30  <gmcharlt> kmlussier: one minute
2015-02-05T12:16:38  <kmlussier> gmcharlt++ Thanks!
2015-02-05T12:18:52  <gmcharlt> kmlussier: and tis done, and I've responded to cmorgan
2015-02-05T12:19:09  <kmlussier> gmcharlt: Thank you Galen!
2015-02-05T12:20:27  <Stompro> bshum,  I'm happy to do that in the future also.  I sent a note to the web team list about possibly doing the same thing for the web site blog.
2015-02-05T12:32:00  *** kbutler has joined #evergreen
2015-02-05T12:32:02  <kmlussier> bshum: You're familiar with Git Gui, right?
2015-02-05T12:32:27  * tsbere is somewhat familiar with Git Gui
2015-02-05T12:32:47  <bshum> kmlussier: Somewhat familiar, sure.
2015-02-05T12:33:24  <Dyrcona> Gui? What is Gui? :P
2015-02-05T12:33:49  <kmlussier> bshum: We're having a hard time figuring out how to push to the working repository. There doesn't seem to be a way to specify which directory you're pushing to.
2015-02-05T12:34:03  <bshum> kmlussier: Yeah that can be weird.
2015-02-05T12:34:13  <kmlussier> bshum: Do you remember how to do it?
2015-02-05T12:34:20  <bshum> I think Meliss and I found that the best way to get around that was to name our local branches appropriately.
2015-02-05T12:34:22  <bshum> Then push.
2015-02-05T12:34:32  <bshum> So my local branch had to be named user/bshum/branch_name
2015-02-05T12:34:40  <bshum> In order for it to accept it on the remote's end of things
2015-02-05T12:34:44  <kmlussier> Ah! I see. We'll try that.
2015-02-05T12:34:55  <bshum> I think there's a way to manually specify the name, but it ended up being more hasslesome
2015-02-05T12:34:58  <bshum> So we just skipped that
2015-02-05T12:35:06  <bshum> And stuck to giving good names for our local branches
2015-02-05T12:35:38  * tsbere seems to recall having figured something about that out.....but can't remember what now >_>
2015-02-05T12:39:41  <kmlussier> Hooray! We got it.
2015-02-05T12:39:44  <kmlussier> bshum++
2015-02-05T12:40:29  <kmlussier> One last question. Is there a way to set the remote url that we want to push to for the working repository? We had to type the entire URL in when pushing the branch.
2015-02-05T12:40:31  *** sandbergja has joined #evergreen
2015-02-05T12:42:36  <tsbere> kmlussier: Did you add the remote on the "Remote" menu?
2015-02-05T12:43:04  *** buzzy has joined #evergreen
2015-02-05T12:43:41  <kmlussier> tsbere: We did, but we added git://git.evergreen-ils.org/working/Evergreen.git as the URL, and that's not the URL we push to.
2015-02-05T12:44:03  <kmlussier> Do we need to add a separate remote just for pushing changes?
2015-02-05T12:44:07  <tsbere> kmlussier: So add the push SSH URL instead? It works for both read and write.
2015-02-05T12:44:19  <kmlussier> tsbere: OK, we'll try that.
2015-02-05T12:44:39  <tsbere> kmlussier: The git:// urls are mainly for "you don't plan on writing back" - If you can write the SSH ones work the same way anyway.
2015-02-05T12:52:15  <dbs> Wow. I found people actively using bookbags!
2015-02-05T12:52:51  <dbs> Unfortunately they're using it to work around our "Don't allow hold placement on items that are available / on the shelf" policy.
2015-02-05T12:54:57  *** finnx has joined #evergreen
2015-02-05T12:56:15  *** finnx has left #evergreen
2015-02-05T12:59:56  *** nhilton has joined #evergreen
2015-02-05T13:00:00  *** finnx1 has joined #evergreen
2015-02-05T13:00:11  *** finnx1 has joined #evergreen
2015-02-05T13:03:17  <tsbere> dbs: I am having trouble determining how that works around the issue in question.
2015-02-05T13:03:35  <tsbere> dbs: Then again, we have people that use holds for things that I personally feel are better suited to bookbags....
2015-02-05T13:05:33  <dbs> tsbere: We don't show the "Place a hold" button for items in the catalogue that have available copies.
2015-02-05T13:06:14  <tsbere> dbs: So what, are they adding to the bookbag because the bookbag lets you try to place a hold anyway?
2015-02-05T13:19:27  *** nhilton has quit IRC
2015-02-05T13:19:41  *** mrpeters has joined #evergreen
2015-02-05T13:24:13  <dbs> tsbere: yep, exactly (sorry for the delay, real life person came by)
2015-02-05T13:24:43  <dbs> Not only lets you try to place a hold, but successfully places it.
2015-02-05T13:25:17  <tsbere> dbs: You know, I think that is less of an abuse than "suspended holds as a reading history" >_> Problematic for you, granted, but less of an abuse.
2015-02-05T13:26:03  <tsbere> dbs: And isn't there an option somewhere that makes "item is on the shelf" throw an error at hold placement time?
2015-02-05T13:27:38  <kmlussier> @love grep
2015-02-05T13:27:38  <pinesol_green> kmlussier: The operation succeeded.  kmlussier loves grep.
2015-02-05T13:32:42  <dbs> I can take away the "Place holds on items in this list" option, but then someone is going to start using raw GET requests
2015-02-05T13:33:25  <bshum> Darn kids :)
2015-02-05T13:33:27  <dbs> There's a "throw ugly error when patron tries to renew an item that has a hold on it" thing
2015-02-05T13:33:53  <dbs> Ultimately I feel like we're trying to bar enthusiastic patrons from using our library resources, but that's a policy issue.
2015-02-05T13:34:28  *** akilsdonk has joined #evergreen
2015-02-05T13:34:48  *** jihpringle has joined #evergreen
2015-02-05T13:42:29  <tsbere> dbs: Looks like it is 100% inside of TPac, but circ.holds.hold_has_copy_at.block should apply to bookbag placement as well? Not 100% sure what your overall situation is, though. (Won't help either way right now if they drop straight into making direct hits against the gateway/translator)
2015-02-05T13:44:22  * tsbere glares at the pile of spam that just hit his mailing list moderation queues, then goes and runs the batch discard script he wrote for moderating spam into oblivion anyway
2015-02-05T13:46:46  <dbs> tsbere++ # that looks promising!
2015-02-05T13:50:49  *** rsoulliere has joined #evergreen
2015-02-05T13:51:19  <dbs> tsbere++ # That did the trick. Fantastic
2015-02-05T13:52:18  <tsbere> dbs: Saves you the trouble of annoying people by removing buttons that were there previously. Added bonus of it telling them why it failed too. :D
2015-02-05T13:52:51  <dbs> and it's only existed since 2011!
2015-02-05T13:56:16  <yboston> heads up the DIG monthly meeting is starting at 2 Pm EST
2015-02-05T14:00:37  <yboston> #startmeeting 2015-02-05 - DIG Monthly Meeting Evergreen Documentation Interest Group (DIG) Monthly Meeting.
2015-02-05T14:00:37  <pinesol_green> Meeting started Thu Feb  5 14:00:37 2015 US/Eastern.  The chair is yboston. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
2015-02-05T14:00:37  <pinesol_green> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
2015-02-05T14:00:37  <pinesol_green> The meeting name has been set to '2015_02_05___dig_monthly_meeting_evergreen_documentation_interest_group__dig__monthly_meeting_'
2015-02-05T14:00:54  <yboston> The agenda can be found here http://evergreen-ils.org/dokuwiki/doku.php?id=evergreen-docs:dig_meeting_20150205-agenda
2015-02-05T14:01:03  <yboston> #topic Introductions
2015-02-05T14:01:14  <yboston> Please feel free to start introducing yourselves...
2015-02-05T14:01:29  <remingtron> #info remingtron is Remington Steed, Hekman Library (Calvin College)
2015-02-05T14:01:38  <yboston> #info yboston is Yamil Suarez @ Berklee College of Music - DIG meeting facilitator
2015-02-05T14:01:52  <kbutler> #info kbutler is Kate Butler at Rodgers Memorial Library (Hudson, NH)
2015-02-05T14:02:05  <bshum> #info bshum is Ben Shum, Bibliomation
2015-02-05T14:02:08  <rsoulliere> #info rsoulliere is Robert Soulliere, Mohawk College
2015-02-05T14:03:33  <phasefx> #info phasefx is Jason Etheridge, ESI
2015-02-05T14:04:10  <yboston> My timer is done, ready to start
2015-02-05T14:04:32  <yboston> any reports from content coordinators?
2015-02-05T14:05:27  <rsoulliere> Nothing from me this time.
2015-02-05T14:05:32  <yboston> OK
2015-02-05T14:05:53  <yboston> Previous Action items...
2015-02-05T14:06:11  <yboston> #topic yboston will contact krvmga to check in on his 2.7 docs work
2015-02-05T14:06:35  <yboston> I forgot to reach out to krvmga; will push forward for next meeting
2015-02-05T14:06:48  <yboston> #action yboston will contact krvmga to check in on his 2.7 docs work
2015-02-05T14:07:00  <yboston> #topic kmlussier will complete the marc stream importer work and check on the status of the RDA docs
2015-02-05T14:07:18  <kmlussier> Sorry. I wasn't paying attention.
2015-02-05T14:07:28  <kmlussier> #info kmlussier is Kathy Lussier MassLNC
2015-02-05T14:08:06  <yboston> did you want to postpone for next meeting?
2015-02-05T14:08:18  <kmlussier> I was supposed to get the notes I have to Jane Sandberg so that she could work on the docs.
2015-02-05T14:08:34  <kmlussier> Unfortunately, I forgot about my action item. I'll try to pull them together for Jane this afternoon.
2015-02-05T14:09:54  <kmlussier> yboston: So, yes, in answer to your question, postpone to the next meeting.
2015-02-05T14:10:00  <yboston> same wording?
2015-02-05T14:10:03  <kmlussier> Sure
2015-02-05T14:10:22  <yboston> #action kmlussier will complete the marc stream importer work and check on the status of the RDA docs
2015-02-05T14:10:43  <yboston> #topic yboston will follow up with gmcharlt and Robert about provisioning a VM for DIG
2015-02-05T14:11:29  <yboston> right before the start of our last meeting on December 4, 2014  I sent out an email to Galen and others to psuh this forward, but I did not hear back.
2015-02-05T14:11:52  <yboston> right before this meeting I sent another email to try to push this forward
2015-02-05T14:12:04  <yboston> I will postpone again this action item
2015-02-05T14:12:14  <yboston> #action yboston will follow up with gmcharlt and Robert about provisioning a VM for DIG
2015-02-05T14:12:26  <yboston> #topic remingtron will set up doodle to set up a meeting on IRC in Janaury 2015 to discuss re-organizing the EG docs
2015-02-05T14:12:59  <remingtron> I have stalled on the docs re-org, mostly because of focusing on web client docs, but I'd like your feedback
2015-02-05T14:13:24  <remingtron> should we pause web client work and work on re-org for a while, since webclient will take a while to progress?
2015-02-05T14:13:36  <remingtron> (web client *may* take a while)
2015-02-05T14:13:49  <remingtron> or press on with web client work?
2015-02-05T14:14:11  <yboston> good question
2015-02-05T14:14:43  <remingtron> And keep in mind that we want to shift focus to 2.8 when beta is released
2015-02-05T14:14:54  <remingtron> (though I think that's a fairly small list of new features this time)
2015-02-05T14:14:54  <kmlussier> remingtron: Do you recall if there was still work to be done on the circulation web client docs?
2015-02-05T14:15:55  <remingtron> my perspective is just the wiki, which seems to have a lot more to do
2015-02-05T14:16:00  <yboston> I did not finsih everything in "Circulation - Patron Record"
2015-02-05T14:16:01  <remingtron> #link http://evergreen-ils.org/dokuwiki/doku.php?id=evergreen-docs:webclient
2015-02-05T14:16:42  <yboston> I also suspect, some features that were missing when I wrote the docs might have been ported over, so it would be useful for me to review again
2015-02-05T14:16:54  <remingtron> ah, but now I see some comments that some items aren't in the web client yet, etc.
2015-02-05T14:17:55  <kmlussier> Does it need to be either/or? To be honest, docs organization is not my strong suit. But I see there are still some areas I could work on for the web client.
2015-02-05T14:18:31  <kmlussier> Whereas others may prefer to work on the reorganization.
2015-02-05T14:19:04  <remingtron> sure, people can certainly do what they are most interested in
2015-02-05T14:19:20  <remingtron> and if anyone doesn't know where to start, they can work on web client stuff
2015-02-05T14:19:41  <remingtron> but I'll plan to shift focus to the reorganization project
2015-02-05T14:20:54  <yboston> I am not sure on what to focus if we should only choose one. BTW, do we want to also put down a time in the near future to work on one or both do of these topics. Like an hour long IRC meeting or re-org were we can talk about different approaches?
2015-02-05T14:22:15  <remingtron> where's that wiki page with suggestions from the OPW candidate?
2015-02-05T14:23:34  <remingtron> maybe it was just an email
2015-02-05T14:23:56  <yboston> I am trying to find it
2015-02-05T14:24:16  <remingtron> #link http://markmail.org/thread/kjddts4zod2uwbe6
2015-02-05T14:25:27  <remingtron> anyway, yes, I guess it is still worth a meeting to discuss reorganization approaches
2015-02-05T14:25:45  <remingtron> I'll send a doodle
2015-02-05T14:26:56  <yboston> How is this… "remingtron will set up doodle to set up a meeting on IRC in February 2015 to discuss re-organizing the EG docs"?
2015-02-05T14:27:08  <remingtron> perfect
2015-02-05T14:27:41  <yboston> #action remingtron will set up doodle to set up a meeting on IRC in February 2015 to discuss re-organizing the EG docs
2015-02-05T14:28:17  <yboston> no more previous action items
2015-02-05T14:28:49  <yboston> should we talk about the web client docs?
2015-02-05T14:28:57  <remingtron> sure, I have a question
2015-02-05T14:29:25  <remingtron> does anyone know where development progress is at? mainly, are they ready for using launchpad yet for filing bugs?
2015-02-05T14:29:28  <yboston> go ahead
2015-02-05T14:29:39  <remingtron> maybe that's a question for graced ?
2015-02-05T14:29:59  *** gsams has joined #evergreen
2015-02-05T14:30:38  <phasefx> I think we're pretty close; I can have a better answer tomorrow
2015-02-05T14:30:58  <kmlussier> I know there is a lot of bug fixing going on in https://bugs.launchpad.net/evergreen/+bug/1402797
2015-02-05T14:30:58  <pinesol_green> Launchpad bug 1402797 in Evergreen "Browser client sprint1 miscellaneous repairs" (affected: 1, heat: 8) [Undecided,New]
2015-02-05T14:31:14  <phasefx> and here, http://git.evergreen-ils.org/?p=working/Evergreen.git;a=shortlog;h=refs/heads/collab/miker/web-client-sprint1-bug-fixing-rebased-collab
2015-02-05T14:32:52  <remingtron> phasefx: thanks, we'd love to hear when you have an update
2015-02-05T14:33:15  <yboston> I think there are still some web cleint docs hat have to be added to master
2015-02-05T14:33:30  *** gsams has quit IRC
2015-02-05T14:33:52  <phasefx> remingtron: no problem.  we need to be more proactive with updates
2015-02-05T14:33:55  <yboston> I need to review some DIG related emails I have pilled up since the ned of last year
2015-02-05T14:34:36  <yboston> I beleive there are a couple of web clients submissions through the DIG list there that need to be added
2015-02-05T14:34:53  <remingtron> yboston: I think you're right. let's work together to get those into master
2015-02-05T14:35:12  <yboston> specially to avoid the both of us working on the same content
2015-02-05T14:35:26  *** gsams has joined #evergreen
2015-02-05T14:35:27  <remingtron> but let's still not push into 2.7 branch until we're ready to use launchpad for web client bugs
2015-02-05T14:35:38  *** gsams is now known as geoffsams
2015-02-05T14:35:42  <yboston> I can set up a time to reach out to you early next week or even tomorrow to coordinate
2015-02-05T14:35:55  <remingtron> great
2015-02-05T14:36:36  <yboston> anything else web client related? or we can shift to another topic?
2015-02-05T14:36:44  *** geoffsams is now known as Librator
2015-02-05T14:36:53  *** Librator is now known as gsams
2015-02-05T14:37:01  <yboston> (we are barely past the 30 minute mark)
2015-02-05T14:37:14  <remingtron> sure, press on
2015-02-05T14:38:04  <yboston> #topic Decide best presentation of web client install instructions
2015-02-05T14:38:13  <yboston> See draft by bshum:
2015-02-05T14:38:22  <yboston> #link http://evergreen-ils.org/~bshum/Evergreen-README.html#_optional_extra_steps_for_browser_based_staff_client
2015-02-05T14:39:47  <yboston> remingtron: did you add this or was it bshum?
2015-02-05T14:41:14  <yboston> I can move on to something else. I was just going downt he list
2015-02-05T14:41:15  <remingtron> I think I did, but probably asked bshum first
2015-02-05T14:41:42  <remingtron> basically, he wrote the instructions draft, and he wants some feedback
2015-02-05T14:42:19  <remingtron> maybe he/we should ask the general and dev lists for help on that
2015-02-05T14:42:52  <yboston> ats ome point I need to build a new test server to try out the web client, I can give him some feedback at that point
2015-02-05T14:43:34  <yboston> I can put an action item to reach out to him to see if this has been included in master, and if others have been able to run his intructions
2015-02-05T14:43:43  <yboston> they look fine to me, bu I have nos tested them yet
2015-02-05T14:43:44  <bshum> It has not been added up to master yet.
2015-02-05T14:43:53  *** ericar has quit IRC
2015-02-05T14:43:54  <bshum> Sorry, stepped away a sec there.
2015-02-05T14:44:16  <bshum> I'll work on it with more devs in the coming weeks.
2015-02-05T14:44:49  <yboston> I can reach out to you when I am ready to build a new VM to test the web client, to make sure I use the latest version
2015-02-05T14:45:07  <yboston> is there a git branch that has these instructions?
2015-02-05T14:45:35  <bshum> yboston: I haven't put all the changes into a git branch yet.  That's also on my to-do list I think.
2015-02-05T14:45:44  <yboston> no worries
2015-02-05T14:46:31  <yboston> I can move on, but want suggestions on what action item if any we should leave for next meeting for this?
2015-02-05T14:46:44  <yboston> (or we can continue on this topic too)
2015-02-05T14:47:41  *** graced has quit IRC
2015-02-05T14:47:48  <remingtron> maybe action item to revisit state of those install docs.
2015-02-05T14:47:50  <yboston> another topic to cover is the next release
2015-02-05T14:48:30  <yboston> #action all check in on state of latest web cleint docs from bshum or others
2015-02-05T14:50:19  <yboston> let me take a moment to look up the milestone dates for EG 2.8
2015-02-05T14:50:57  <yboston> Friday, February 20th is the 2.8 beta cut off date
2015-02-05T14:51:40  *** buzzy has quit IRC
2015-02-05T14:51:40  <yboston> the EG 2.8 beta release is scheduled for Wednesday, February 25th
2015-02-05T14:51:47  *** graced has joined #evergreen
2015-02-05T14:52:14  <yboston> when woud we want to focus on the docs for the new features?
2015-02-05T14:52:21  <yboston> I ca't rmemebr what we have done in the past?
2015-02-05T14:52:36  <kmlussier> I would say we should start as soon after the beta release as possible.
2015-02-05T14:52:38  <remingtron> after the 25th beta should be "feature stable"
2015-02-05T14:52:50  <remingtron> kmlussier: yes, I agree
2015-02-05T14:53:23  <kmlussier> Also, I don't know if I'm going to be able to use the MassLNC server as a community server for doc work this time around.
2015-02-05T14:53:24  <yboston> Also, the projected release for EG 2.8 is Monday, March 9th. Though these dates coudl slip a bit, understandably so
2015-02-05T14:54:21  <yboston> remingtron: the 25th make sense
2015-02-05T14:54:23  <remingtron> should we try to have a day (or half day) hack-fest to focus on 2.8 features, or only use a wiki page to track progress?
2015-02-05T14:54:54  <kmlussier> hack-fests are very effective for me. Otherwise, I tend to let tasks slip. But maybe I'm the only one with that problem.
2015-02-05T14:55:37  <yboston> Ihack-fest for me too, I have that problem
2015-02-05T14:55:54  <remingtron> okay, I'm in too
2015-02-05T14:56:25  <remingtron> maybe on a Friday?
2015-02-05T14:56:28  <yboston> sure
2015-02-05T14:56:37  <remingtron> March 27, April 6, April 13?
2015-02-05T14:56:47  <yboston> any volunteers to run a doodle poll targetting after February 25th?
2015-02-05T14:57:04  <remingtron> whoa, sorry, I'm a month off!
2015-02-05T14:57:13  <remingtron> Feb 27, March 6, March 13
2015-02-05T14:57:30  <kmlussier> Feb 27 is bad for me. The other dates look fine.
2015-02-05T14:57:31  <yboston> we may be able to try just on the mailing list, I wonder if some potential volunteers are scared off by doodle?
2015-02-05T14:58:07  <remingtron> hmm, let's try a combo of the list and doodle
2015-02-05T14:58:21  <remingtron> I'll do it
2015-02-05T14:58:42  <remingtron> and I suggest I wait on the reorganization meeting until after 2.8 docs are finished. thoughts?
2015-02-05T14:59:02  <kmlussier> They're scared off by Doodle, but please write in AsciiDoc? :)
2015-02-05T14:59:29  <remingtron> or I guess it makes sense to sqeeze in the reorg meeting now, before beta
2015-02-05T14:59:39  <remingtron> nevermind, I'll do both doodles
2015-02-05T14:59:39  <yboston> #action remingtron will set up a doodle poll and ask on the DIG list to set up a time for a DIG 2.8 hackfest
2015-02-05T15:00:02  <remingtron> kmlussier: double standard, eh?
2015-02-05T15:00:09  <yboston> kmlussier: point taken
2015-02-05T15:01:29  <yboston> we are slightly past the one hour mark
2015-02-05T15:01:38  <yboston> shoudl we stop now, or
2015-02-05T15:01:47  <remingtron> I think we've covered everything
2015-02-05T15:01:50  <yboston> is there one more topic or quick question we woudl like to cover?
2015-02-05T15:02:07  <remingtron> kmlussier: are you able to make the wiki page for 2.8 features again?
2015-02-05T15:03:20  <kmlussier> Yes, I can.
2015-02-05T15:03:30  <kmlussier> Sorry, I was pulled into another discussion.
2015-02-05T15:03:40  * gmcharlt jumps in to mention that I intend to provision the doc testing server next week
2015-02-05T15:03:45  <gmcharlt> sorry for hte delay
2015-02-05T15:03:50  <kmlussier> gmcharlt++
2015-02-05T15:04:06  <yboston> no problem, you have a lot on your olate
2015-02-05T15:04:11  <yboston> *plate
2015-02-05T15:04:14  <remingtron> gmcharlt++
2015-02-05T15:04:49  <yboston> I laughed when I realized this nice reply on code4lib list was from you, as another example of your omnipresence
2015-02-05T15:04:59  <yboston> OK, I will end the meeting
2015-02-05T15:05:12  <yboston> #endmeeting
2015-02-05T15:05:12  <pinesol_green> Meeting ended Thu Feb  5 15:05:12 2015 US/Eastern.  Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot . (v 0.1.4)
2015-02-05T15:05:12  <pinesol_green> Minutes:        http://evergreen-ils.org/meetings/evergreen/2015/evergreen.2015-02-05-14.00.html
2015-02-05T15:05:12  <pinesol_green> Minutes (text): http://evergreen-ils.org/meetings/evergreen/2015/evergreen.2015-02-05-14.00.txt
2015-02-05T15:05:12  <pinesol_green> Log:            http://evergreen-ils.org/meetings/evergreen/2015/evergreen.2015-02-05-14.00.log.html
2015-02-05T15:05:21  <remingtron> yboston++
2015-02-05T15:06:21  <kmlussier> yboston++
2015-02-05T15:07:01  <kbutler> yboston++
2015-02-05T15:14:01  <kmlussier> bshum / gmcharlt: I'm curious. Is there a reason why we don't include "Powered by WordPress" in our footer?
2015-02-05T15:14:46  <gmcharlt> kmlussier: theme default, I assume
2015-02-05T15:14:51  <bshum> kmlussier: What gmcharlt said
2015-02-05T15:15:42  <kmlussier> OK. That's a shame.
2015-02-05T15:20:39  <kmlussier> Would there be any objection to my trying to add it back into one of the footer widgets? I would like seeing it there, for the same reason I like seeing "Powered by Evergreen" in our library catalogs.
2015-02-05T15:21:54  <kmlussier> Oh, wait. The footer widgets are for those blocks that are a little higher than the footer, aren't they?
2015-02-05T15:23:05  <bshum> kmlussier: Right, those widgets are just above it.
2015-02-05T15:23:14  <bshum> And it doesn't handle things like links.
2015-02-05T15:23:28  <bshum> At least, it didn't work for the text block where the other stuff lives now.
2015-02-05T15:23:55  *** Dyrcona1 has joined #evergreen
2015-02-05T15:24:23  *** Dyrcona has quit IRC
2015-02-05T15:24:31  *** Dyrcona1 is now known as Dyrcona
2015-02-05T15:40:17  <kmlussier> eeevil / goood: I may have asked this question before, but I don't recall the answer. Is bug 1251394 ready for testing or does it still need work?
2015-02-05T15:40:17  <pinesol_green> Launchpad bug 1251394 in Evergreen "Metabib Display Fields" (affected: 3, heat: 16) [Wishlist,Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1251394 - Assigned to Mike Rylander (mrylander)
2015-02-05T15:40:57  *** mmorgan has quit IRC
2015-02-05T15:45:28  <eeevil> kmlussier:  it's just the backend components, but I think they work. nothing knows how to use them yet, though
2015-02-05T15:46:31  <kmlussier> eeevil: Ah, ok. So if we wanted something to be able to use them, it still needs work.
2015-02-05T15:46:54  <eeevil> we'd talked about making use of the browse_entry table to limit db size growth. that would probably be a minor change, but a change nonetheless
2015-02-05T15:47:58  *** rsoulliere has quit IRC
2015-02-05T15:48:11  <eeevil> since they're field_safe, any client can grab the data given a bib ID ... just a matter of  committing and then doing so :)
2015-02-05T16:20:14  *** Shae has quit IRC
2015-02-05T16:22:16  *** graced has quit IRC
2015-02-05T16:27:32  *** rjackson_isl_ has joined #evergreen
2015-02-05T16:27:40  *** rjackson_isl has quit IRC
2015-02-05T16:28:37  *** rjackson_isl_ has quit IRC
2015-02-05T16:34:10  *** collum has quit IRC
2015-02-05T16:34:16  *** maryj has quit IRC
2015-02-05T16:39:33  *** julialima_ has left #evergreen
2015-02-05T16:49:54  *** yboston has quit IRC
2015-02-05T16:59:38  *** mrpeters has left #evergreen
2015-02-05T17:01:23  *** kbutler has quit IRC
2015-02-05T17:01:38  <pinesol_green> Incoming from qatests: Test Success - http://testing.evergreen-ils.org/~live/test.html <http://testing.evergreen-ils.org/~live/test.html>
2015-02-05T17:01:59  *** Dyrcona has quit IRC
2015-02-05T17:31:56  *** chick has joined #evergreen
2015-02-05T18:07:24  *** ningalls has joined #evergreen
2015-02-05T19:19:25  *** graced has joined #evergreen
2015-02-05T20:01:34  *** jwoodard has quit IRC
2015-02-05T20:06:20  *** nhilton has joined #evergreen
2015-02-05T20:07:03  *** graced has quit IRC
2015-02-05T20:21:07  *** nhilton has quit IRC
2015-02-05T20:37:44  *** jihpringle has quit IRC
2015-02-05T20:41:33  *** sandbergja has quit IRC
2015-02-05T22:58:02  *** eeevil has quit IRC
2015-02-05T23:00:28  *** eeevil has joined #evergreen
2015-02-05T23:04:39  *** book` has quit IRC
2015-02-05T23:08:09  *** Sato has quit IRC
2015-02-05T23:11:30  *** Sato has joined #evergreen
