2015-01-15T00:01:45  *** bmills has quit IRC
2015-01-15T00:33:35  *** abowling has quit IRC
2015-01-15T02:08:28  *** aubjordan has quit IRC
2015-01-15T03:26:45  *** DPearl1 has quit IRC
2015-01-15T03:27:49  *** sbrylander has quit IRC
2015-01-15T06:10:33  *** phasefx has quit IRC
2015-01-15T06:10:53  *** maryj has quit IRC
2015-01-15T06:11:29  *** graced has quit IRC
2015-01-15T06:11:35  *** mtate has quit IRC
2015-01-15T06:11:35  *** eeevil has quit IRC
2015-01-15T06:11:49  *** BigRig has quit IRC
2015-01-15T06:11:54  *** TaraC has quit IRC
2015-01-15T06:11:54  *** Callender has quit IRC
2015-01-15T06:22:32  *** Callender has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T07:05:51  *** StomproJ has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T07:06:21  *** Stompro has quit IRC
2015-01-15T07:09:04  *** eeevil has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T07:12:22  *** Callender_ has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T07:12:26  *** Callender has quit IRC
2015-01-15T07:12:35  *** Callender_ is now known as Callender
2015-01-15T07:31:28  *** graced has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T07:53:16  *** TaraC has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T07:55:04  *** julialima_ has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T07:59:57  *** julialima_ has quit IRC
2015-01-15T08:00:16  *** pmurray_away is now known as pmurray
2015-01-15T08:00:22  *** pmurray is now known as pmurray_away
2015-01-15T08:02:16  *** julialima_ has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T08:02:59  *** pmurray_away is now known as pmurray
2015-01-15T08:03:00  *** ericar has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T08:03:35  *** julialima_ has quit IRC
2015-01-15T08:10:53  *** Dyrcona has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T08:11:52  *** _bott_ has quit IRC
2015-01-15T08:14:45  *** _bott_ has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T08:15:59  *** collum has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T08:18:45  *** akilsdonk has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T08:27:17  *** mrpeters has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T08:37:51  *** julialima_ has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T08:40:15  *** abowling has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T08:41:07  *** mtate has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T08:42:13  *** mmorgan has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T08:50:25  *** jwoodard has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T09:11:10  *** phasefx has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T09:19:05  *** rjackson-isl has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T09:26:24  <eeevil> berick: coming to you first as 2.8 RM ... because we need the fixes from sprint 1 when working on sprint 2, I've been pushing new webby features to the collab branch.  Ideally, I'd like to see the sprint 1 fixes in master. how do you want to make that happen, since nobody but you, me, and gmcharlt are looking at that code
2015-01-15T09:26:50  <eeevil> where "that" is "get the collab branch stuff merged into master", obv
2015-01-15T09:29:59  *** sarabee has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T09:30:55  *** maryj has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T09:37:18  *** yboston has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T09:37:21  *** RoganH has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T09:42:06  *** mllewellyn has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T09:44:42  *** BigRig has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T09:52:23  <berick> eeevil: ideally w/ an LP listing what to test.  i'm happy to review, test, sign-off
2015-01-15T09:53:18  <eeevil> berick: you mean you want an lp bug for each bug/fix, or a listing of what's fixed on one bug
2015-01-15T09:53:29  <berick> i think one bug is fine
2015-01-15T09:57:23  <eeevil> k
2015-01-15T10:02:47  *** akilsdonk has quit IRC
2015-01-15T10:03:08  *** akilsdonk has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T10:17:06  <bshum> eeevil: berick: For the rest of us following along from home, is this the same stuff you've mentioned already in https://bugs.launchpad.net/evergreen/+bug/1402797
2015-01-15T10:17:06  <pinesol_green> Launchpad bug 1402797 in Evergreen "Browser client sprint1 miscellaneous repairs" (affected: 1, heat: 8) [Undecided,New]
2015-01-15T10:19:52  <berick> bshum: that's only part of it
2015-01-15T10:20:12  <eeevil> bshum: that's just berick's few. there are a lot more. I'm adding to that bug, though, to keep it in one place
2015-01-15T10:20:43  <bshum> I had a feeling, I know it was awhile since I asked about whether we were needing to merge any fixes for web client.
2015-01-15T10:23:59  <bshum> Cool deal, thanks guys.
2015-01-15T10:30:37  <Dyrcona> jboyer-isl: Regarding misc_util.tt2: One person's bug is another's feature. :)
2015-01-15T10:34:26  <jboyer-isl> Sure. I can certainly see the point as well, it's a nasty thing for just a "template." I just dislike making code changes for the opac.
2015-01-15T10:34:53  <dbs> Yeah, I need to reply in the bug itself, but the idea is that you could still have local MARC stuff in the TT2 layer if you want
2015-01-15T10:34:55  <berick> jboyer-isl: i don't think anyone's proposing that you have to change code to modify how a field is extracted
2015-01-15T10:35:31  <berick> unless i'm misunderstanding
2015-01-15T10:35:59  <Dyrcona> I didn't mean to start a big discussion. I just find it amusing that what could be considered a bug by some is a feature to others (from the appearances).
2015-01-15T10:35:59  <dbs> and using display_fields, you should be able to add a new display field in the database without touching Perl
2015-01-15T10:36:13  <dbs> It's probably just poor communication on my part of the intent.
2015-01-15T10:37:06  <jboyer-isl> It depends on how much (and how directly) misc_util is pulled into a module. I'm probably not giving it the necessary level of thought myself. (I came across that bug while looking for another bug that I apparently never filed)
2015-01-15T10:40:12  <jboyer-isl> display fields would probably take care of any potential issues I have with misc_util going away, I was just thinking of all of the hard-coded tags and fields from that file being pulled behind the scenes, which I suppose isn't really the intent.
2015-01-15T11:34:16  *** RoganH_ has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T11:37:28  *** RoganH has quit IRC
2015-01-15T11:37:31  <abowling> i'm trying to test changes on the place_hold.js script that affects the place_hold.xul template. i clear my cache, restart apache, and restart services, but it seemingly has no effect. i looked to see if the javascript exists on my local machine, and it doesn't. any ideas?
2015-01-15T11:40:42  <bshum> abowling: So to be clear, you're making changes to that file in the server side installed version?
2015-01-15T11:40:50  <bshum> Somewhere in /openils/var/web/xul/server/...
2015-01-15T11:40:53  <abowling> bshum: yes.
2015-01-15T11:41:01  <bshum> And then you're restarting your staff client
2015-01-15T11:41:20  <abowling> yep. that's where i'm changing it. restarting all services and staff client. still having no effect.
2015-01-15T11:41:57  <dbs> You don't need to restart any services
2015-01-15T11:42:04  <bshum> What dbs said, yeah
2015-01-15T11:42:12  <Dyrcona> Shouldn't have to restart apache, either.
2015-01-15T11:42:41  <bshum> Are you sure that the staff client version of your client is matching to where server links to for the files server-side?
2015-01-15T11:42:45  <abowling> didn't think i'd need to restart apache. just making sure it wasn't cached on the server somewhere.
2015-01-15T11:43:08  <bshum> Or did you try editing the specific version's installed folder content
2015-01-15T11:43:08  <abowling> bshum: yes. it's the EDN master we use for testing.
2015-01-15T11:43:37  <bshum> Well, it sounds like you got all your bases covered to me.  Maybe the change you're expecting to happen isn't happening.
2015-01-15T11:44:10  <abowling> bshum: i'm editing the specific installed version file, fwiw
2015-01-15T11:44:31  <abowling> it's confounding
2015-01-15T11:44:52  <abowling> /openils/var/web/xul/0master_4bd42e9/server/patron/place_hold.js
2015-01-15T11:45:19  <bshum> patron?
2015-01-15T11:45:22  <bshum> Hmm
2015-01-15T11:45:47  <bshum> Oh right
2015-01-15T11:45:53  <abowling> bshum: just for testing, i've commented out this line just for a simple test:
2015-01-15T11:45:53  <abowling> //$('hold_usr_textbox').value = au_obj.card().barcode();
2015-01-15T11:45:54  <bshum> My mind's not on XUL stuff :)
2015-01-15T11:46:25  <abowling> understood. i'm pretty good with the perlmods and OPAC, but my XUL history is limited, and that's understating it
2015-01-15T11:47:02  <abowling> upon restarting the staff client, $('hold_usr_textbox') is still getting a value set
2015-01-15T11:49:21  <jboyer-isl> abowling, if you put <server>/xul/0master_4bd42e9/server/patron/place_hold.js into a web browser do you see the correct version? And is it the same version as <server>/xul/server/patron/place_hold.js?
2015-01-15T11:51:04  <abowling> jboyer-isl: thanks for that idea, but yes. i confirm that the line is commented out on the server version
2015-01-15T11:53:47  <jeff> abowling: when you start your client (whose cache is presumably cleared) and navigate to the interface in question, do you see a request from your client for that file appear in the apache logs?
2015-01-15T12:00:38  <abowling> jeff: indeed. localhost:443 99.73.72.180 - - [15/Jan/2015:11:59:43 -0500] "GET /eg/opac/place_hold?hold_target=5;hold_type=M;hold_source_page=%2Feg%2Fopac%2Fresults%3Fquery%3Dguitar;usr_barcode=689086e3c0bad42e154d020c942bd8ad HTTP/1.1" 200 13088 "-" "Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; WOW64; rv:14.0) Gecko/20120713 open_ils_staff_client/0master.4bd42e9"
2015-01-15T12:00:38  <pinesol_green> [evergreen|Michael Peters] LP#1319964 "Summaries & More" displays improperly in TPAC - <http://git.evergreen-ils.org/?p=Evergreen.git;a=commit;h=4bd42e9>
2015-01-15T12:01:15  <abowling> now. here's a question for the gallery: any chance my browser is caching the script that's being used by the staff client locally?
2015-01-15T12:01:50  <berick> abowling: throw an alert in there.  you may be loading the right file, but it's just not doing what you expect.
2015-01-15T12:02:25  <jeff> abowling: okay, so far it looks like your client IS grabbing the file you think -- next try making a more obvious change, especially one that's top-level, not in a function (which may not be being called when you think)
2015-01-15T12:02:32  <jeff> abowling: like an alert(), as berick suggests.
2015-01-15T12:03:10  <jeff> abowling: unless you're doing an action like clicking an "external" link that opens your web browser from the staff client, the web browser cache should not come into play with the staff client.
2015-01-15T12:03:48  <jeff> abowling: if you're passing through a proxy server, that can end up being a shared setting between the staff client and your web browser, and that proxy may have a cache, but that does not seem to be the case here based on your other statements.
2015-01-15T12:05:03  <abowling> tried the alert. no avail. issue is, it's the only place where i see this behavior. i'll keep digging.
2015-01-15T12:05:19  <abowling> thanks for the ideas. like i said earlier, it's confounding.
2015-01-15T12:05:45  <bshum> abowling: Hang on a second
2015-01-15T12:05:53  <bshum> That GET you noted before
2015-01-15T12:05:58  <bshum> That's a TPAC string it's grabbing
2015-01-15T12:06:02  <bshum> Not a XUL/js one
2015-01-15T12:06:19  <bshum> The area you're poking at is for staff client where you do the Place Hold on a given item
2015-01-15T12:06:27  <bshum> But the one you logged is for TPAC
2015-01-15T12:06:28  <abowling> yes
2015-01-15T12:06:44  <bshum> That's a different place/file
2015-01-15T12:06:58  <bshum> Which interface are you actually looking at?
2015-01-15T12:07:56  <abowling> bshum: noted that too. what's odd is that is my query. i'm certain of it. and i'm not doing any of it in the TPAC.
2015-01-15T12:08:10  <abowling> bshum: i'm looking at the Place Hold function
2015-01-15T12:08:12  <bshum> Cause there is a place in the staff client, where you go to place a hold on behalf of a patron, and it reuses the TPAC inteface
2015-01-15T12:08:28  <bshum> abowling: Describe the steps you take to place the hold, let me follow along to which UI you're using
2015-01-15T12:08:33  <bshum> I think you're looking in the wrong place.
2015-01-15T12:09:02  <berick> bshum: remember the tpac is used for holds placement in the staff client
2015-01-15T12:09:14  <bshum> berick: Right, I know
2015-01-15T12:09:31  <jeff> abowling: worth noting that your apache log line is NOT requesting the javascript file you stated you were editing.
2015-01-15T12:10:15  <bshum> If so, he's probably looking for /openils/var/template/opac/place_hold.tt2 (or ../parts/place_hold.tt2 actually)
2015-01-15T12:10:27  <abowling> i'm pulling up test records, clicking "Place Hold", and then selecting "Advanced Options"
2015-01-15T12:10:30  <jeff> abowling: i think you want to be looking at /openils/var/web/opac/skin/default/js/holds.js and such.
2015-01-15T12:10:34  <abowling> bshum: that now seems likley
2015-01-15T12:10:35  <bshum> Ah, yeah, wrong place.
2015-01-15T12:10:40  <abowling> ++jeff
2015-01-15T12:10:51  <abowling> i think i just figured that out.
2015-01-15T12:10:59  <bshum> jeff: Yeah maybe if he was using JSPAC :)
2015-01-15T12:11:16  <abowling> so, is it fair to say place_hold.js is deprecated for the staff client, at least as far as this function goes?
2015-01-15T12:11:18  <jeff> bshum: oops. bshum++
2015-01-15T12:11:30  <berick> Open-ILS/web/js/ui/default/opac/staff.js
2015-01-15T12:11:34  <bshum> abowling: No, that file is still used.
2015-01-15T12:11:34  * jeff goes to find that old "remove jspac code" ticket and assign it to himself
2015-01-15T12:11:39  <jeff> berick++ thanks
2015-01-15T12:11:40  <abowling> yes, bshum++ too
2015-01-15T12:11:46  <bshum> abowling: I'm pretty sure it's used for the place hold when you're working with a specific copy
2015-01-15T12:11:50  <bshum> And you want to do force holds, etc.
2015-01-15T12:11:57  <bshum> Stuff that only staff can do via the client.
2015-01-15T12:12:00  <abowling> bshum: a-ha.
2015-01-15T12:12:15  <bshum> The process you describe is public, so we stole from TPAC code to make it happen.
2015-01-15T12:12:17  <bshum> berick++
2015-01-15T12:12:30  <abowling> at any rate, thanks, guys. i'll try that tack and let you know. berick++, bshum++, jeff++
2015-01-15T12:12:49  <bshum> jeff: It's already assigned to you!  :)
2015-01-15T12:12:51  <bshum> https://bugs.launchpad.net/evergreen/+bug/1312309
2015-01-15T12:12:51  <pinesol_green> Launchpad bug 1312309 in Evergreen "to remove last remnants of JSPAC" (affected: 2, heat: 10) [Wishlist,Confirmed] - Assigned to Jeff Godin (jgodin)
2015-01-15T12:14:30  <jeff> hey, look at that.
2015-01-15T12:20:49  *** jihpringle has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T12:21:28  *** bbqben has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T12:24:53  *** bmills has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T12:29:49  *** buzzy has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T12:38:25  *** bbqben_ has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T12:40:51  *** bbqben has quit IRC
2015-01-15T12:40:54  *** bmills has quit IRC
2015-01-15T12:41:05  *** bbqben_ is now known as bbqben
2015-01-15T12:43:05  *** bmills has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T12:59:14  *** mtcarlson_away is now known as mtcarlson
2015-01-15T13:03:06  *** ukelele22 has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T13:05:54  <eeevil> berick: https://bugs.launchpad.net/evergreen/+bug/1402797 updated
2015-01-15T13:05:54  <pinesol_green> Launchpad bug 1402797 in Evergreen "Browser client sprint1 miscellaneous repairs" (affected: 1, heat: 8) [Undecided,New]
2015-01-15T13:07:28  <berick> eeevil++
2015-01-15T13:14:09  <jeff> I am pondering ways in which we could eliminate a certain class of electronic resource from appearing in in-building search results.
2015-01-15T13:14:23  <jeff> Has anyone else here thought on this before?
2015-01-15T13:15:04  <jeff> I'm not yet sure if we're interested in excluding all located URI results or just certain ones.
2015-01-15T13:15:29  <jeff> But at first thought, I can see where you might want the option to do either.
2015-01-15T13:18:11  <Dyrcona> So, you don't want them appearing if the search client is in the library, but you do want them to appear from outside the library?
2015-01-15T13:18:47  <Dyrcona> I'm assuming it doesn't matter if it is OPAC or staff client, either.
2015-01-15T13:19:44  <jeff> Probably "no change" with regard to staff client.
2015-01-15T13:20:20  <jeff> But we have dedicated clients for public catalog searching, and there's a desire to have some/all electronic resources not appear on those, at least by default.
2015-01-15T13:20:55  <jeff> We don't use "auris act like copies", and our auris are scoped to the system/district level (not top level CONS).
2015-01-15T13:21:51  <Dyrcona> So, it's a desire to prevent patrons from using the resources on these public catalog machines?
2015-01-15T13:21:56  <jeff> At some point it would make sense to exclude results from certain bib sources based on if the logged in user is known-(in)eligible, but that might be asking for a pony.
2015-01-15T13:22:25  <jeff> It's an acknowledgement that patrons will not be able to use the resources on these public catalog machines, and that there is therefore little point in displaying them by default.
2015-01-15T13:22:41  <Dyrcona> Same thing more or less.
2015-01-15T13:23:01  <jeff> That, just like we default those to searching the local library and not the entire district, we default to displaying search results that don't include "you have to do some other things to access this content"
2015-01-15T13:23:30  <Dyrcona> It makes sense, but I'm not sure how I'd go about doing that.
2015-01-15T13:23:56  <jeff> Yeah.
2015-01-15T13:24:48  <Dyrcona> Maybe something related to sources, or maybe some setting that can take JSON array of IPs that won't display URIs, or maybe some combination of the two.
2015-01-15T13:25:00  <eeevil> jeff: here's a wrinkle to the "by default" part ... if you want to allow them to turn on display of those, reapplying the restriction later is "hard" ... particluarly within a conceptual session for one user
2015-01-15T13:27:08  <jeff> eeevil: hard in that it requires additional UI, like library selectors and "limit to available", or hard for another deeper reason?
2015-01-15T13:27:09  <eeevil> but, I could certainly imaging leveraging saved searches somehow ... having a flag set based on ip mapping (like ye olde "this IP gets X added to the url") that, say, sets a cookie saying "I'm in the library, apply saved search FOO to each search", and that saved search would add "and not an electronic record"
2015-01-15T13:27:37  <eeevil> well, you want each new person sitting down to start in restricted mode, right?
2015-01-15T13:28:12  <jeff> in our case, we have an existing "i'm in the library" flag available to the TPAC and Perl layer.
2015-01-15T13:28:36  <jeff> and yes, patrons get a fresh session unless they grab it before the kiosk times out and resets.
2015-01-15T13:28:37  <eeevil> but if the previous patron checked the "show me stuff I can't use here" box, how do you know that you should reset that for a new person?
2015-01-15T13:28:47  <jeff> (which isn't a "never" thing, just a "not too often" thing)
2015-01-15T13:28:58  <eeevil> ah, ok, so "kiosk resets" answers that :)
2015-01-15T13:29:02  * jeff nods
2015-01-15T13:31:16  <eeevil> so, 3 elements: new param for "additional query string" to the relevant search API; <input type=hidden> when in kiosk mode that contains the restricting query string; a param that says "don't add that" when present (akin to limit to available)
2015-01-15T13:31:31  *** abneiman has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T13:32:07  <jeff> and then it's down to "how many knobs do you want" -- in terms of what the new search criteria can do.
2015-01-15T13:32:08  <eeevil> as for how to formulate the restricting query, that's partly about cataloging quality (or lack thereof)
2015-01-15T13:33:02  <eeevil> if it's just a query string, it's open-ended. unless you end up needing limit-to-bre.source, obv
2015-01-15T13:33:24  <eeevil> (but that would be relatively simple to add)
2015-01-15T13:33:27  <jeff> turn off all located uri results? limit to located uris from certain bib sources? (or, one way would be to make this entirely about bib source, and not worry about located uri or not) -- or for that matter (and I think you just went down this path) you could just key off of a specific subject/etc
2015-01-15T13:34:21  <eeevil> sure. I could see a "must-have-actual-copies" flag, actually
2015-01-15T13:34:30  <jeff> if i drop the "allow patrons to see the records if they want to", i could probably come up with a search fragment that would always exclude these.
2015-01-15T13:36:11  <eeevil> then it would be just a little code to allow static fragments (see: my previous discussions about the {{}} syntax, and machine-supplied search parts) to be passed to the search app, and a template change to include said as a hidden element on search-y pages
2015-01-15T13:36:58  <jeff> since our existing flag for "this is an in-library kiosk" is available to the perl layer, we could even hack it in there (messily)
2015-01-15T13:37:18  <jeff> and hack in the sense that your proposals about machine-supplied search parts would be best.
2015-01-15T13:37:22  <jeff> or at least better. ;-)
2015-01-15T13:39:32  <eeevil> heh
2015-01-15T13:45:22  *** nhilton has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T13:50:38  *** wjr has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T13:56:16  *** jihpringle has quit IRC
2015-01-15T13:56:54  <bbqben> G'day. EOB meeting starts here in a few minutes. Cheers
2015-01-15T14:01:41  <bbqben> #startmeeting Evergreen Oversight Board Meeting, 15.01.15
2015-01-15T14:01:41  <pinesol_green> Meeting started Thu Jan 15 14:01:41 2015 US/Eastern.  The chair is bbqben. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
2015-01-15T14:01:41  <pinesol_green> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
2015-01-15T14:01:41  <pinesol_green> The meeting name has been set to 'evergreen_oversight_board_meeting__15_01_15'
2015-01-15T14:01:54  <bbqben> #topic introductions
2015-01-15T14:02:06  <bbqben> EOB members, please introduce yourself with #info
2015-01-15T14:02:20  <bshum> #info bshum = Ben Shum, Bibliomation
2015-01-15T14:02:28  <kmlussier> #info kmlussier is Kathy Lussier, MassLNC
2015-01-15T14:02:35  <abneiman> #info abneiman = Andrea Buntz Neiman, Kent County Public Library
2015-01-15T14:02:35  <graced> #info graced is Grace Dunbar, Equinox
2015-01-15T14:03:03  <RoganH_> #info RoganH = Rogan Hamby, SCLENDS
2015-01-15T14:03:13  <bbqben> #info bbqben is Ben Hyman, Co-op
2015-01-15T14:03:31  <bbqben> Chauncey sends his regrets
2015-01-15T14:03:37  *** RoganH_ is now known as RoganH
2015-01-15T14:03:37  <csharp> #info csharp is Chris Sharp, GPLS
2015-01-15T14:03:44  <bbqben> Looks like we have quorum :)
2015-01-15T14:04:01  <bbqben> #topic Minutes/Actions from last meeting (18.12.14)
2015-01-15T14:04:55  <bbqben> #info http://evergreen-ils.org/meetings/evergreen/2014/evergreen.2014-12-18-14.03.html
2015-01-15T14:05:10  <bbqben> csharp++ for posting those / keeping us honest :)
2015-01-15T14:05:20  <csharp> sorry they were late
2015-01-15T14:05:27  <bbqben> pas de probleme
2015-01-15T14:05:37  <bbqben> (French for no worries)
2015-01-15T14:05:39  <bshum> csharp++
2015-01-15T14:05:49  <bbqben> ok, moving on
2015-01-15T14:05:59  <bbqben> #topic EG2015 Conference Report
2015-01-15T14:06:23  <bbqben> buzzy - great to see registration open!
2015-01-15T14:06:25  <buzzy> i think things are moving along swimmingly. registration is up, hotel bookings are open
2015-01-15T14:06:56  <RoganH> Is there going to be a conference discount for the hotel?
2015-01-15T14:06:56  <buzzy> the programming committee is getting to work, and info about sponsorships and exhibitors will be out soon. i was actually just meeting with the hotel yesterday about exhibit space
2015-01-15T14:07:15  <buzzy> yes, if you tell them you're with the evergreen conference they should give you the conference rate
2015-01-15T14:07:29  <abneiman> I'm also interested in knowing if there's a conference rate for the hotel.
2015-01-15T14:07:35  <abneiman> (sorry)
2015-01-15T14:07:39  <buzzy> our first choice keynote unfortunately was unavailable, but we have a hot lead on another
2015-01-15T14:07:42  <kmlussier> buzzy: Do they have a link for people to register under the conference rate?
2015-01-15T14:07:58  <RoganH> That wasn't clear from materials sent out so you may want to send that out in some form.
2015-01-15T14:08:28  <buzzy> i don't believe they do, but i;ll check with them and try to make that happen.
2015-01-15T14:08:39  <buzzy> yes, RoganH, i can do that. thanks for the suggestion!
2015-01-15T14:08:44  <kmlussier> Also, when you send out that info, it might be good to identify what the conference rate is.
2015-01-15T14:09:52  <buzzy> it depends on the room, of course, but yes, i can do that. for everything other than the suites, the range is from $109-129
2015-01-15T14:10:14  <kmlussier> Thanks!
2015-01-15T14:10:18  <bbqben> buzzy++ Any other questions / suggestions for the EG2015 team?
2015-01-15T14:10:31  <kmlussier> That rate looks much more affordable than Cambridge! :)
2015-01-15T14:10:52  <buzzy> yes, an advantage of the smaller area and still mostly being in the off-season
2015-01-15T14:11:36  <bshum> buzzy++ # thanks for keeping us in the loop, looking forward to seeing more!
2015-01-15T14:12:18  <bbqben> ok, moving on...
2015-01-15T14:12:31  <bbqben> #topic Financial Report
2015-01-15T14:12:38  <bbqben> #info http://list.evergreen-ils.org/pipermail/eg-oversight-board/2015-January/000947.html
2015-01-15T14:12:42  <bbqben> bshum++
2015-01-15T14:13:44  <bshum> bbqben: Thanks, I'll try to remember to update before I print so that I don't get it wrong the first go next time
2015-01-15T14:13:46  <bbqben> Did EventBrite come through with the discount?
2015-01-15T14:14:31  <bbqben> sorry - that was a bit of a non sequitur - re: EG2015, I meant?
2015-01-15T14:15:17  <bbqben> ok then :)
2015-01-15T14:15:33  <kmlussier> I haven't heard anything on the Eventbrite discount.
2015-01-15T14:15:36  <bbqben> We're in the black, and should see registration revenue trickling in soon, I suppose
2015-01-15T14:16:03  <bbqben> thanks kmlussier - anyone have other  financial questions?
2015-01-15T14:16:23  <bbqben> moving on...
2015-01-15T14:16:36  <bbqben> #topic Evergreen 2.8 Release Manager's Report
2015-01-15T14:16:46  <buzzy> re: EG2015, tony didn't mention anything about a discount or listing them as a sponsor, as with last year
2015-01-15T14:17:01  <bbqben> berick around & about for a quick update?
2015-01-15T14:17:21  <bbqben> thanks buzzy - worth following up with him on that
2015-01-15T14:19:37  <bbqben> #info - a meaty thread on 2.8 scheduling http://libmail.georgialibraries.org/pipermail/open-ils-dev/2014-December/009764.html
2015-01-15T14:20:34  <berick> *sigh* the EOB meetings conflict with another regular meeting of mine
2015-01-15T14:20:40  <bbqben> :)
2015-01-15T14:22:16  <bbqben> ...the other meeting is winning ;)
2015-01-15T14:22:46  <bshum> Heh, in the future, perhaps one of us can remind berick to write us a snippet to put down for logs.
2015-01-15T14:22:57  * bshum can happily do so.
2015-01-15T14:23:05  <bbqben> Its ok though, for the price of a chocolate at EG2015
2015-01-15T14:23:06  <bshum> Alternatively we move the EOB meeting, but meh
2015-01-15T14:23:43  <bbqben> bhsum++
2015-01-15T14:24:09  <bbqben> #action bhsum will coordinate with berick pre EOB mtgs for pithy update
2015-01-15T14:24:27  *** buzzy has quit IRC
2015-01-15T14:24:28  <bbqben> Moving on...
2015-01-15T14:24:44  <bbqben> #Topic 2015 EOB Elections
2015-01-15T14:25:04  <bbqben> Kathy, Rogan & Ben H terms are up this year
2015-01-15T14:25:24  <bbqben> #info see:
2015-01-15T14:25:25  <bbqben> http://evergreen-ils.org/governance/
2015-01-15T14:25:55  <kmlussier> bbqben: Remind me. Last year, wasn't there discussion of possibly decreasing the number of seats again.
2015-01-15T14:26:08  <bbqben> Just a heads up for now, but we'll need to pull together some nominations communications
2015-01-15T14:26:23  <bbqben> and coordinate with SFC for polling, I suppose
2015-01-15T14:26:35  <RoganH> I recall discussion of reducing by 2 so that we kept it an odd number.
2015-01-15T14:26:35  <graced> kmlussier: I seem to remember that same discussion
2015-01-15T14:26:42  <bbqben> kmlussier: IIRC you are correct
2015-01-15T14:26:57  <bbqben> #action bbqben to check target board size
2015-01-15T14:27:07  <kmlussier> Sorry, if I hadn't been at a meeting earlier today, I would have pulled up the minutes.
2015-01-15T14:27:16  * bshum personally likes 9 (3 per year), but recalls the discussion to further reduce to 7.
2015-01-15T14:27:40  <kmlussier> I think I like 9 too, but if we were to do 9, I think it would be good to evenly allocate them to 3 per year.
2015-01-15T14:28:15  <abneiman> agreed on 9 and 3 per year.  but maybe that's just because it's nice and neat.
2015-01-15T14:28:18  <bshum> With Shauna stepping down early and csharp moving in to fill her seat, I wasn't sure if we could make a motion to make that a permanent seat time change.
2015-01-15T14:28:28  <kmlussier> Another question I would like to raise before we get too far with nominations is the voting system that will be used.
2015-01-15T14:28:31  <kmlussier> bshum: +1. I was thinking the same thing.
2015-01-15T14:28:33  <bshum> Shauna's seat was grouped with four
2015-01-15T14:28:54  <bshum> But if we make csharp's seat part of the group that elected me and graced, then we make that a nice 3 set.
2015-01-15T14:28:59  <bshum> And every year will be 3 from now on.
2015-01-15T14:29:19  <abneiman> +1 to bshum's idea
2015-01-15T14:29:35  <kmlussier> We voted something into the bylaws at the last conference on using the voting software provided by the Conservancy, but I'm still unsure about the system it uses to count votes.
2015-01-15T14:29:36  <bshum> +1 to kmlussier's point on the voting system.  Last time, I know I was confused because I didn't properly research the method employed.
2015-01-15T14:29:36  <csharp> that number/process works well for PINES Executive Committee
2015-01-15T14:29:55  <csharp> I think everyone was confused :-/
2015-01-15T14:30:13  <kmlussier> csharp: The Single Transfer Vote System?
2015-01-15T14:30:18  <csharp> yes
2015-01-15T14:30:29  <yboston> #info yboston is Yamil Suarez @ Berklee College of Music (sorry I am late)
2015-01-15T14:30:43  <yboston> (I have read what I have missed so far)
2015-01-15T14:30:52  <kmlussier> I think the reason I'm skeptical is because, when I thought about it, I realized only 1 of my votes was counted. Since my #1 vote was somebody who made it on the Board.
2015-01-15T14:30:57  <kmlussier> It just feels a little weird to me.
2015-01-15T14:31:35  <csharp> I think it's a bad idea to have complex voting systems for something so straightforward
2015-01-15T14:31:47  <bbqben> #info http://list.evergreen-ils.org/pipermail/eg-oversight-board/2014-March/000711.html
2015-01-15T14:32:06  <bbqben> #info http://list.evergreen-ils.org/pipermail/eg-oversight-board/2014-March/000710.html
2015-01-15T14:32:34  <bbqben> These two links provide context for the STV voting system and for the total board compsoition
2015-01-15T14:32:38  <abneiman> yes -- what csharp said.  Overly complex, and I was also confused by the allocations/process.
2015-01-15T14:32:49  <bshum> So by terms of governance, it's up to the board to suggest alternatives for voting procedures.
2015-01-15T14:33:07  <bshum> Otherwise, we use Conservancy to manage a vote process using the Scottish Single Transferable Vote system
2015-01-15T14:33:26  *** mtcarlson is now known as mtcarlson_away
2015-01-15T14:34:10  <kmlussier> So I guess that means we don't have to update the bylaws if we use something else?
2015-01-15T14:34:39  <bshum> Technically not, but it might be good to amend the bylaws anyways, if we feel that it's the better direction to take long-term
2015-01-15T14:34:55  <bshum> And not force each subsequent board to formally introduce alternatives.
2015-01-15T14:35:13  <abneiman> Didn't we just use SurveyMonkey or Doodle in prior years?
2015-01-15T14:35:15  <bshum> Though maybe they'll feel that way about whatever we decide this year.
2015-01-15T14:35:18  <bshum> :)
2015-01-15T14:35:24  <kmlussier> abneiman: I don't remember. I know gmcharlt always set it up.
2015-01-15T14:35:33  <kmlussier> Maybe he remembers.
2015-01-15T14:35:46  <graced> I am in agreement that the STVS is overly complex.  I also think that most community members don't know that they can vote.
2015-01-15T14:36:17  <abneiman> According to the ol' email archive, SurveyMonkey was used in 2012 & 2013.
2015-01-15T14:36:47  <csharp> abneiman++ # I was just looking for that
2015-01-15T14:36:50  <kmlussier> graced: If that's true, then that's another problem we probably should try to address. I would like people to feel engaged in the process.
2015-01-15T14:37:08  <graced> kmlussier: agreed.
2015-01-15T14:37:28  *** jihpringle has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T14:37:40  *** mtcarlson_away is now known as mtcarlson
2015-01-15T14:37:48  <graced> I'm happy to work on a document on community engagement ideas for the EOB if desired.
2015-01-15T14:38:23  <bbqben> Ok, call for volunteers to work with me on all things 2015 elections?
2015-01-15T14:38:37  <graced> I volunteer
2015-01-15T14:39:17  <bbqben> To include: draft amendment to rules (#2.4) if we don't want to use STV; nominations language; get the vote out materials; review of target board size
2015-01-15T14:39:32  <bbqben> graced++
2015-01-15T14:39:36  <abneiman> I volunteer as well
2015-01-15T14:39:55  <graced> abneiman++
2015-01-15T14:40:02  <bbqben> abneiman++
2015-01-15T14:40:06  <bshum> abneiman++ graced++
2015-01-15T14:40:37  <bbqben> #action bbqben abneiman and graced to draft amendment to rules if we don't want to use STV; nominations language; get the vote out materials; review of target board size
2015-01-15T14:41:34  *** krvmga has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T14:41:41  <bbqben> Ok, moving on if nothing further here for now
2015-01-15T14:41:57  <bbqben> oh, and kmlussier++ for putting this agenda topic in
2015-01-15T14:42:06  <csharp> abneiman++ graced++ bshum++
2015-01-15T14:42:32  <csharp> bbqben++ that is (though bshum++ anyway ;-))
2015-01-15T14:42:39  <bbqben> csharp++
2015-01-15T14:42:42  <kmlussier> LOL
2015-01-15T14:42:47  <bshum> Haha
2015-01-15T14:42:55  <bbqben> #topic 2016 Conference Site Selection
2015-01-15T14:43:04  <graced> Is it that time already?
2015-01-15T14:43:07  <graced> ;-)
2015-01-15T14:43:08  <bbqben> can we pick somewhere warm?
2015-01-15T14:43:23  <csharp> Evergreen Cruise 2016!
2015-01-15T14:43:34  <bbqben> kmlussier with another zinger agenda topic!
2015-01-15T14:43:45  <bbqben> csharp++ with Jimmy Buffet?
2015-01-15T14:43:45  * kmlussier likes coming up with agenda topics.
2015-01-15T14:43:49  <yboston> csharp++
2015-01-15T14:43:54  <kmlussier> We need an Evergreen library in the Caribbean.
2015-01-15T14:44:12  <bbqben> # action we need an Evergree Library in the Caribbean
2015-01-15T14:44:13  <graced> I tried to get us one in Ireland... but failed.  :(
2015-01-15T14:44:13  <yboston> I will work on Puerto Rico
2015-01-15T14:44:22  <abneiman> Or like, San Diego area
2015-01-15T14:44:22  <kmlussier> yboston++
2015-01-15T14:44:27  <bbqben> yboston++
2015-01-15T14:44:37  <yboston> actually, I should look into it.
2015-01-15T14:44:41  <graced> yboston++
2015-01-15T14:44:46  <RoganH> yboston++
2015-01-15T14:45:03  <yboston> a full spanish translation woudl help
2015-01-15T14:45:08  <kmlussier> Anyway, since we now have a semi-standing conference planning committee, I was thinking it might make the most sense to have those people participate in conferece selection too.
2015-01-15T14:45:13  <yboston> (somehting else for me to work on)
2015-01-15T14:45:22  <kmlussier> Though I wouldn't object to pulling in previous conference planners too.
2015-01-15T14:45:36  <bbqben> ok then - never too early to start planning. kmlussier, were you thinking that ideally we'd get the call for sites out such that we could name the successful response at EG2015?
2015-01-15T14:45:52  <kmlussier> That would be a good start.
2015-01-15T14:46:25  <graced> I think I might own that mailing list...
2015-01-15T14:46:37  <csharp> graced: you and I are co-administrators
2015-01-15T14:46:51  <graced> csharp++  memory
2015-01-15T14:46:55  <bbqben> kmlussier: could the committee use a selaed envelope?
2015-01-15T14:46:56  <kmlussier> I think in previous years we have started around now or even earlier. One year, we started in August 2 years earlier.
2015-01-15T14:47:34  <graced> Yeah, I think we're behind (again)
2015-01-15T14:49:23  <bbqben> so, we're thinking something like "task the site selection comm with reviewing site selection framework, and planning launch of 2016 site selection process"?
2015-01-15T14:49:46  <graced> +1
2015-01-15T14:50:00  <kmlussier> +1
2015-01-15T14:50:07  <yboston> +1
2015-01-15T14:50:09  <bshum> +1
2015-01-15T14:50:19  <bbqben> ok then ...
2015-01-15T14:50:47  <csharp> +1
2015-01-15T14:50:48  <bbqben> #action site selection committee will review site selection framework, and planning launch of 2016 conference site selection process
2015-01-15T14:51:09  <bbqben> (with special consideration for warmth)
2015-01-15T14:51:14  * csharp can't remember if he's on that committee or not
2015-01-15T14:51:32  <kmlussier> Just for clarification, do we have a site selection committee with current members or are we talking about the community members of the conference planning committee?
2015-01-15T14:51:37  <csharp> I sort of end up on some conference committee each year
2015-01-15T14:51:57  <kmlussier> csharp: Quite often, you're on programming. I guess the question is, do you want to be on site selection committee?
2015-01-15T14:52:08  <csharp> heh - sure
2015-01-15T14:52:17  <csharp> that is, yes, I would like to be on it
2015-01-15T14:52:58  <bbqben> chsarp++
2015-01-15T14:53:00  <kmlussier> bbqben: Do you want me to nail down the details on who the site selection comm is? ;)
2015-01-15T14:53:12  <bbqben> kmlussier++ please & thanks
2015-01-15T14:53:22  <graced> I can provide who has been on it in the past if that's helpful.
2015-01-15T14:53:35  <bbqben> #action kmlussier will nail down the details on who the site selection comm is
2015-01-15T14:53:42  <kmlussier> graced: Thanks!
2015-01-15T14:53:45  <bbqben> #topic new business
2015-01-15T14:54:03  <bbqben> Anyone have a topic / new business?
2015-01-15T14:54:33  <kmlussier> It's not new, but I want to announce that I have heard from 6 people so far who are interested in helping out with Code of Conduct complaints.
2015-01-15T14:54:55  <bbqben> kmlussier that's awesome
2015-01-15T14:55:11  *** collum has quit IRC
2015-01-15T14:55:51  <bshum> Excellent!
2015-01-15T14:56:04  <bshum> Hope that we don't need them, but it's good that people are volunteering.
2015-01-15T14:56:12  <bbqben> agreed
2015-01-15T14:56:34  <bbqben> any other new business / topics / updates?
2015-01-15T14:56:40  *** mrpeters has left #evergreen
2015-01-15T14:57:29  <bbqben> ok then, thanks all for your time - we now return to regular programming. Reconvene on 19.02.15, same time, same place
2015-01-15T14:57:36  <bshum> bbqben++ # thanks!
2015-01-15T14:57:38  <yboston> bbqben++
2015-01-15T14:57:41  <bbqben> #endmeeting
2015-01-15T14:57:41  <pinesol_green> Meeting ended Thu Jan 15 14:57:40 2015 US/Eastern.  Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot . (v 0.1.4)
2015-01-15T14:57:41  <pinesol_green> Minutes:        http://evergreen-ils.org/meetings/evergreen/2015/evergreen.2015-01-15-14.01.html
2015-01-15T14:57:41  <pinesol_green> Minutes (text): http://evergreen-ils.org/meetings/evergreen/2015/evergreen.2015-01-15-14.01.txt
2015-01-15T14:57:41  <pinesol_green> Log:            http://evergreen-ils.org/meetings/evergreen/2015/evergreen.2015-01-15-14.01.log.html
2015-01-15T14:57:47  <csharp> bbqben++ # got it right this time!
2015-01-15T14:57:48  <graced> bbqben++
2015-01-15T14:58:05  <kmlussier> bbqben++
2015-01-15T14:59:52  *** abneiman has quit IRC
2015-01-15T15:08:10  *** mrpeters has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T15:15:58  *** mtcarlson is now known as mtcarlson_away
2015-01-15T15:23:05  <kitteh_> Linus Torvalds is keynoting soon, you might be able to catch stream at http://timvideos.us/ if interested
2015-01-15T15:23:16  <kitteh_> http://linux.conf.au/
2015-01-15T15:24:57  *** krvmga has quit IRC
2015-01-15T15:25:42  <jeff> well isn't that odd. two 2.5 systems, same mrc file, one record caught my eye because it's "Nonmusical sound recording", even though the LDR/06 is j.
2015-01-15T15:26:07  <jeff> (newly imported record on both systems)
2015-01-15T15:26:14  * jeff digs to further his understanding
2015-01-15T15:27:42  *** bbqben has quit IRC
2015-01-15T15:33:30  *** mtcarlson_away is now known as mtcarlson
2015-01-15T15:36:37  *** bmills has quit IRC
2015-01-15T15:43:20  *** RoganH has quit IRC
2015-01-15T15:54:26  *** julialima_ has left #evergreen
2015-01-15T15:54:57  *** ericar has quit IRC
2015-01-15T15:56:06  <Dyrcona> Apparently, the key note is now over and the live feed was horrible.
2015-01-15T15:56:19  <Dyrcona> If rangi isn't there, I'm disappointed.
2015-01-15T15:56:32  <rangi> where should I be?
2015-01-15T15:56:40  <rangi> lca ?
2015-01-15T15:56:49  <rangi> naw im at the catalyst open source academy
2015-01-15T15:57:11  <rangi> http://scoreboard.koha-community.org/
2015-01-15T15:59:35  <Dyrcona> heh.
2015-01-15T15:59:42  <Dyrcona> Even better.
2015-01-15T15:59:44  <Dyrcona> ;)
2015-01-15T16:02:16  <rangi> last day of 23 high school students working on opensource stuff
2015-01-15T16:03:32  <rangi> they do 2 weeks, first week is learning
2015-01-15T16:03:37  <rangi> 2nd week is project work
2015-01-15T16:04:00  <rangi> its been Koha, Drupal, Mahara, Silverstripe and Piwik
2015-01-15T16:09:55  * jeff returns from digging
2015-01-15T16:10:15  <jeff> vandelay functions were in a bad state on my test instance.
2015-01-15T16:10:16  <Dyrcona> rangi: Cool.
2015-01-15T16:10:33  <jeff> fixed, all's well.
2015-01-15T16:11:16  <jeff> and this is a good reminder that i need to do some more research with regard to better ways to schema-only diff postgres databases :-)
2015-01-15T16:25:05  *** bmills has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T16:26:41  * bshum taps fingers waiting for piwik upgrade scripts to run...
2015-01-15T16:26:59  *** mrpeters has left #evergreen
2015-01-15T16:29:32  *** rjackson-isl has quit IRC
2015-01-15T16:30:39  <jeff> eeevil: so it turns out that with the specific example in question, identifier|bibcn is a reasonable way to exclude.
2015-01-15T16:31:42  <jeff> i can append this to the value of the search input and exclude the undesirable results: -(identifier|bibcn:"vendorname$")
2015-01-15T16:32:49  <jeff> since each record from this vendor has an 099 matching "(eAudiobook|eMusic|eVideo) vendorname"
2015-01-15T16:32:57  <bshum> Bmagic: I'm not sure I understand what you're describing with your new filed bug 1411422
2015-01-15T16:32:57  <pinesol_green> Launchpad bug 1411422 in Evergreen "Copy details repeated in search results scoped to system and grouped formats" (affected: 1, heat: 6) [Undecided,New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1411422
2015-01-15T16:36:32  <mmorgan> Could this be the same issue as described in lp 1315552?
2015-01-15T16:36:33  <pinesol_green> Launchpad bug 1315552 in Evergreen "Duplicate initial search results where copy circ lib/call number owning lib are different" (affected: 5, heat: 26) [Medium,Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1315552
2015-01-15T16:37:03  <bshum> Hmm, maybe.
2015-01-15T16:37:24  *** bbqben has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T16:38:23  <bshum> Certainly sounds like it's similar
2015-01-15T16:38:52  * jeff wonders about the expected performance hit of appending -(identifier|bibcn:"vendorname$")
2015-01-15T16:39:09  <jeff> that will be some digging for another time!
2015-01-15T16:40:32  <bshum> mmorgan: Might be worth suggesting them to take a look at their copies/callnumbers to see if it's a similar issue.
2015-01-15T16:42:05  <mmorgan> I can add a comment after looking a little more closely.
2015-01-15T16:42:20  <bshum> mmorgan++
2015-01-15T17:00:40  *** Dyrcona has quit IRC
2015-01-15T17:03:09  *** vlewis has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T17:13:53  <bshum> Fixing a problem with the mysql on lupin... halting apache while I do it
2015-01-15T17:13:53  *** serflog has quit IRC
2015-01-15T17:16:45  *** mmorgan has left #evergreen
2015-01-15T17:29:47  *** bmills has quit IRC
2015-01-15T17:30:01  *** bmills has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T17:30:12  *** dcook__ has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T17:33:27  *** dcook has quit IRC
2015-01-15T17:41:59  *** serflog has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T17:42:46  *** yboston_ has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T17:42:46  *** tsbere_ has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T17:43:25  *** dreuther has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T17:43:28  *** StomproJosh has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T17:43:55  *** chatley_ has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T17:46:09  *** remingtron_ has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T17:46:21  *** yboston_ has quit IRC
2015-01-15T17:46:26  *** TaraC_ has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T17:46:51  *** ldw_ has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T17:47:03  *** csharp_ has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T17:48:21  *** phasefx__ has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T17:49:14  *** jeff__ has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T17:49:39  *** dbs_ has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T17:50:46  *** rangi` has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T17:51:08  *** berick_ has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T17:51:38  *** edoceo_ has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T17:51:49  *** phasefx has quit IRC
2015-01-15T17:51:49  *** mtate has quit IRC
2015-01-15T17:51:49  *** eeevil has quit IRC
2015-01-15T17:51:49  *** tsbere has quit IRC
2015-01-15T17:51:50  *** mllewellyn has quit IRC
2015-01-15T17:51:50  *** maryj has quit IRC
2015-01-15T17:51:50  *** mnsri_away has quit IRC
2015-01-15T17:51:50  *** gsams has quit IRC
2015-01-15T17:51:50  *** b_bonner has quit IRC
2015-01-15T17:51:50  *** pmurray has quit IRC
2015-01-15T17:51:51  *** rashma has quit IRC
2015-01-15T17:51:51  *** paxed has quit IRC
2015-01-15T17:51:51  *** jcamins has quit IRC
2015-01-15T17:52:21  *** bmills has quit IRC
2015-01-15T17:52:21  *** yboston has quit IRC
2015-01-15T17:52:21  *** TaraC has quit IRC
2015-01-15T17:52:21  *** chatley has quit IRC
2015-01-15T17:52:21  *** dreuther_ has quit IRC
2015-01-15T17:52:21  *** rangi has quit IRC
2015-01-15T17:52:22  *** ldw has quit IRC
2015-01-15T17:52:22  *** pastebot has quit IRC
2015-01-15T17:52:22  *** egbuilder has quit IRC
2015-01-15T17:52:22  *** csharp has quit IRC
2015-01-15T17:52:31  *** RBecker_ has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T17:52:39  *** wjr has quit IRC
2015-01-15T17:52:39  *** nhilton has quit IRC
2015-01-15T17:52:39  *** akilsdonk has quit IRC
2015-01-15T17:52:39  *** sarabee has quit IRC
2015-01-15T17:52:39  *** StomproJ has quit IRC
2015-01-15T17:52:39  *** kmlussier has quit IRC
2015-01-15T17:52:39  *** mceraso has quit IRC
2015-01-15T17:52:39  *** artunit has quit IRC
2015-01-15T17:52:50  *** edoceo_ has quit IRC
2015-01-15T17:52:53  *** tsbere_ has quit IRC
2015-01-15T17:53:00  *** tsbere_ has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T17:53:12  *** bradl has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T17:53:12  *** bmills1 has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T17:53:12  *** gsams has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T17:53:12  *** b_bonner has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T17:53:12  *** pmurray has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T17:53:12  *** rashma has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T17:53:12  *** paxed has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T17:53:12  *** jcamins has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T17:54:04  *** dbs has quit IRC
2015-01-15T17:54:04  *** bradl_ has quit IRC
2015-01-15T17:54:17  *** edoceo is now known as 7JTABWWZU
2015-01-15T17:54:22  *** edoceo has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T17:54:22  *** Bmagic_ has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T17:54:22  *** artunit_ has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T17:54:22  *** nhilton_ has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T17:54:23  *** maryj has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T17:54:23  *** mnsri_away has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T17:54:46  *** tsbere_ has quit IRC
2015-01-15T18:06:16  *** pinesol_green has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:11:27  *** tepper.freenode.net sets mode: -o pastebot
2015-01-15T18:11:27  -tepper.freenode.net- *** Notice -- TS for #evergreen changed from 1421363132 to 1233034046
2015-01-15T18:11:27  *** tepper.freenode.net sets mode: +ct-s 
2015-01-15T18:11:28  *** mnsri_away has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:11:28  *** maryj has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:11:28  *** nhilton_ has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:11:28  *** artunit_ has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:11:28  *** Bmagic_ has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:11:28  *** edoceo has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:11:28  *** dbwells has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:11:28  *** book`_ has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:11:28  *** dcook has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:11:28  *** jeff___ has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:11:28  *** rangi has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:11:28  *** mtcarlson has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:11:28  *** rashma has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:11:28  *** tepper.freenode.net sets mode: +q *!*@gw1.kohaaloha.com
2015-01-15T18:11:28  *** tepper.freenode.net changes topic to "Welcome to the #evergreen library system channel! | We are publicly logged: http://irc.evergreen-ils.org/evergreen | Large pastes at http://paste.evergreen-ils.org"
2015-01-15T18:13:15  *** mtcarlson is now known as mtcarlson_away
2015-01-15T18:13:28  *** egbuilder has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:13:28  *** pmurray has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:13:28  *** mtate has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:13:28  *** eeevil has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:13:36  *** jcamins has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:13:36  *** dexap has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:13:36  *** bradl_ has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:13:36  *** dkyle has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:13:36  *** tsbere__ has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:13:36  *** gmcharlt_ has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:13:36  *** chatley has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:13:36  *** dreuther_ has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:13:36  *** TaraC has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:13:36  *** phasefx has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:13:36  *** bmills has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:13:36  *** geoffsams has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:13:36  *** vlewis_ has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:13:36  *** mmorgan1 has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:13:36  *** jeffdavi1 has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:13:36  *** jeff_ has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:13:36  *** RBecker has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:13:36  *** bbqben has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:13:36  *** BigRig has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:13:36  *** Callender_ has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:13:36  *** mtj_ has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:13:36  *** dbs_ has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:13:36  *** csharp_ has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:13:36  *** ldw_ has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:13:36  *** remingtron_ has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:13:36  *** StomproJosh has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:13:36  *** serflog has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:13:36  *** jihpringle has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:13:36  *** jwoodard has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:13:36  *** abowling has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:13:36  *** _bott_ has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:13:36  *** graced has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:13:36  *** bshum has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:13:36  *** kitteh_ has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:13:36  *** phasefx_ has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:13:36  *** jboyer-isl has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:13:36  *** hopkinsju has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:13:36  *** Sato has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:13:47  *** eby has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:13:47  *** wjr has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:13:47  *** akilsdonk has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:13:47  *** sarabee has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:13:47  *** kmlussier has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:13:47  *** mceraso has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:13:57  *** b_bonner has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:14:01  *** berick has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:14:04  *** pmurray has quit IRC
2015-01-15T18:14:04  *** pmurray has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:14:50  *** dcook is now known as Guest94539
2015-01-15T18:19:16  *** mtcarlson_away is now known as mtcarlson
2015-01-15T18:23:19  *** Guest94539 has quit IRC
2015-01-15T18:24:54  *** ldw_ is now known as ldw
2015-01-15T18:31:13  *** eby has quit IRC
2015-01-15T18:31:13  *** eby has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:35:52  *** jeffdavi1 is now known as jeffdavis
2015-01-15T18:36:08  *** jeffdavis has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T18:42:43  *** mtcarlson is now known as mtcarlson_away
2015-01-15T18:45:19  *** nhilton_ has quit IRC
2015-01-15T19:00:00  *** mtcarlson_away is now known as mtcarlson
2015-01-15T19:04:03  *** vlewis_ has quit IRC
2015-01-15T19:04:45  *** mrpeters has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T19:16:54  *** mtcarlson is now known as mtcarlson_away
2015-01-15T19:52:08  *** bbqben has quit IRC
2015-01-15T20:05:04  *** jwoodard has quit IRC
2015-01-15T20:23:25  *** dcook has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T20:25:55  *** _bott_ has quit IRC
2015-01-15T20:46:15  *** _bott_ has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T20:59:09  *** _bott_ has quit IRC
2015-01-15T21:14:45  *** abowling has quit IRC
2015-01-15T21:25:12  *** _bott_ has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T21:34:21  *** mtcarlson_away is now known as mtcarlson
2015-01-15T21:45:56  *** sbrylander has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T21:48:18  *** sarabee has quit IRC
2015-01-15T21:53:54  *** mtcarlson is now known as mtcarlson_away
2015-01-15T21:58:03  *** nhilton has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T22:00:34  *** _bott_ has quit IRC
2015-01-15T22:04:51  *** nhilton has quit IRC
2015-01-15T22:08:28  *** sarabee has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T22:09:28  *** akilsdonk_ has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T22:10:48  *** sbrylander has quit IRC
2015-01-15T22:12:03  *** akilsdonk has quit IRC
2015-01-15T22:12:37  *** akilsdonk has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T22:13:16  *** buzzy has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T22:15:10  *** akilsdonk_ has quit IRC
2015-01-15T22:48:34  *** bmills has quit IRC
2015-01-15T22:48:55  *** bmills has joined #evergreen
2015-01-15T22:53:54  *** bmills has quit IRC
